This week on As The Quarter Turns, EA decides it will cut back on some of its less desirable behavior in Belgium, but may be bringing its own battle royale army to the front. We'll bring you details on these and the rest of the week's gaming news starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio live tonight, episode number 762 of our show for this February the 3rd of 2019.
And we are of course broadcasting live on Twitch TV as part of the Voice Geeks Network at Twitch TV slash VOG Network. My name is Rob Roberts and joining me in studio, Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hi, how are you, Loki?
I'm fine.
Yeah, nothing else going on today in American culture. Nothing whatsoever.
It's just an owl celebration.
Yes, everybody's excited about owls. I don't know what's going on. Anyway, obviously look, all kidding aside, we know it's Super Bowl Sunday.
Well, it's Puppy Bowl Sunday.
And that it's Puppy Bowl Kitty Bowl. If you watch the Hallmark Channel, they have that too. And there's a, what was the first one? I don't understand. I don't understand why people do this, but there's, there's that show about the guys just pops all the pimples.
I can get grossed out just talking about it. They're running like a marathon of that, like the pimple bowl.
Oh man. My wife would love that.
Why, why am I not surprised that something that like your wife is super into those shows?
Loves that kind of garbage. And I don't, she watches like those YouTube channels too. And like, why?
All right. Well, thank you all out there for choosing this garbage to either watch live on Sunday night, or if you are a subscriber at twitch.tv slash vognet where you can watch whenever you want during the week, or as has always been the case for the last 16 and a half years, we've been doing this show.
You can listen on our podcast feed available wherever, pretty much all the big places you get podcasts like iTunes and Google play and all that stuff. Just search for orange lounge radio.
Uh, not here tonight, uh, dark Sakura or Jamie summers, but, uh, she, she's been on a little bit of a hiatus for work. She's been on break from the show for a couple of months, but she is coming back next month.
So that, uh, whole work situation is getting switched around. So that'll be great to have her back on the show, uh, full time. Yeah. We will hear from her a little later on in her regular segment, the classic game of the week.
So a few things I have like in true Superbowl Sunday fashion, I have like pre kickoff topic stuff tonight. Oh, so, okay. So I was, I was watching Facebook and you know, we're, we're friends. He's on Facebook, obviously, and now I'm friends with your wife as well.
And your wife had posted that your kid actually like developed a computer game. Well, I, I posted that. Yes. Oh yeah. You posted. Okay. I thought it was, you know, she posted a video and she posted the comment, whatever. It doesn't matter. Your kid made a game. That's the point.
Yeah. So there's, um, a new place that's across like near my work. That's, um, I guess it's a chain called, uh, code ninja or code ninjas, I guess. And so what it is, it's kind of like a, they spoke at one of those, um, uh, remember with the sack indie arcade events?
We missed that they maybe, um, they spoke at one of those one year. Did they, I think that was another one, but like they have, it's basically, um, they started off, I think in Texas and they've moved, they have a few down here.
The owner that of the one that's near my work, he's also owns one in Folsom or that, but that one hasn't even opened up yet. This one just opened up.
So they, they only have a small like class size of like 60 people. I thought, you know, let's check it out and see what it is. Um, so I got a tour of the place and had, um, my son, they take him for like a 45 minute session to make something quick and scratch.
So that's what he did. He made like a quick game in scratch and, um, had a lot of fun doing it.
And so, yeah, I mean, obviously, you know, how old's your kid? Eight.
He's eight.
Okay. So an eight year old made a game in 45 minutes. So it's like, it's not, you know, right. But I mean, still, I was, I was kind of pretty impressed. I was like, wow, those must be like really good tools.
So yeah, Scratch is, it's a free thing. And so it's basically, it's by MIT and you go to the website, it's like scratch.mit.edu, I think, or something like that.
Um, and it's code blocks basically. So it's, you build a program by dragging blocks of code into like an area and you create like your actors that are different sprites or whatever, and you can basically create like game loops and stuff like that with it.
So it's very basic, but what's kind of cool about it is you build something and you can share it and then people can look, you know, play your game and then remix it or look, see how you built it.
And so it's like kind of to help promote, like learning how to program and stuff.
And to describe the game your kid made again, an eight year old in 45 minutes, you basically have this little, like you're this John Cena head.
You're John Cena head.
He drew or something.
He downloaded off the internet.
You see a little John Cena head that you just move around with your mouse and you're trying to avoid this.
It's like a football player that he took Ms. Paint and he colored over and he put, I am evil.
And, uh, you know what? Awesome. You know, awesome.
So, but then my favorite part was that like when, cause obviously, you know, at some point, you know, so you just get something, chase you and eventually it's going to catch a character.
And then it plays the John Cena meme for whatever, like John Cena.
I don't know why my kids are into the John Cena meme.
I think they saw it in like, uh, at least it wasn't flossing cause you know, he does, he does that enough as it is, but like, no, it wasn't flossing.
It was, you know, they're in the, the John Cena memes.
I don't know why. Um, cause I'm like, do you even know who John Cena is?
And they're like, no, I'm like, like why?
It's just, it's just something I like.
And like, he's a wrestler and like, he, see, look, here he is, you know, he's wrestling and then they're like, oh, is he like a bad guy? Cause he's beaten up this guy.
I'm like, no, he's like a really nice guy, but like, well, this is just his intro song.
It's there. They're eight. It doesn't, they don't understand, but it's fine. They think it's funny.
And so for an eight year old, I was impressed. Like I was thinking about, okay, so like back in the day, you know, I'm obviously going to be aging myself here significantly, but I remember being eight and kind of like tinkering around on the Commodore 64.
And I would write a program, which means I typed it in from the back of a magazine, but then I was super cool because like I changed this color to that color.
That's kind of what it's about. And so like they, the way the curriculum works is they start them off, like they have a belt system because it's like a karate or like a martial arts type of class.
And so they have a belt system that they have, which are actually these, um, RFID wristbands that they have. So that's how they sign in when they come in.
Um, so it's like super cool. And then, so they do, uh, they start off with scratch to learn like the fundamentals of programming and then they move on from there to JavaScript, which I think is through Minecraft, but, um, he mentioned JavaScript.
And then once that's, once they've done that for a few belts, it's, um, Lua and making levels for roadblocks.
And then once you're done with that, and then you go into unity and then like once that's basically once you've hit like black belt and stuff, and then beyond that, it's the kind of business side of game creation.
So it's like, how do I store passwords for my users? How do I market it on, you know, the app store? How do I do this? How do I do this?
Okay. And somebody has to say the obvious here, which is your, your eight year old child finished a game before you did.
I wouldn't say it's finished, but yeah, I played it. There was an experience from start to finish.
I play, I played my game from start to finish. It doesn't mean it's done.
I got more out of your eight year old child's game than I did the Anthem demo last weekend for what it's worth.
Yes. Oh, where's my shade button? I need a shade button. I need to work on that as the OLR live enhancement.
But anyway, um, all that, all that joking aside, that's really cool though.
Yeah, he's really excited about it. I mean, like he had a really great time. We're just trying to,
I'm not saying too much here, but you were talking about, um, like that you're thinking about moving your child out of the like physical stuff.
Gymnastics into that. Yeah. Cause, cause I don't want to pay for two different classes in there at the same time. So that's not going to work.
Computer programmers can like make a lot of money if that's something you want.
Well, and it's not just, well, it's not just like game programming as well.
So a lot of the curriculum is based on like playing games and being able to like,
so they're not really realizing that they're learning stuff. It's supposed to be like really fun.
Yeah. But then they also do robotics too.
That was like, that was like the Oregon trail number munchers and all those like edutainment things.
We would play on the piece of math blasters, you know, where in the world is Carmen Sandiego, which is kind of like coming back again.
That all was stuff that existed to like, we were learning, but we were having fun when doing it.
That even goes, some games that weren't, aren't necessarily meant to be edutainment.
Like I think the civilization series, like that very first game came out when I was in high school and I learned a lot about different civilizations and like, you know, the things that they built and what separated one from the other.
I learned a lot about all that stuff, uh, simply from playing civilizations. Sometimes it's like this unintended cool little side effect.
Yeah. So, um, I'll go ahead and I'll just link the project in chat so you can actually try it out for yourself.
Okay. So you can check that out in our chat, uh, which maybe we would tweet, I could do a tweet or something.
We can put it in, uh, hopefully the link doesn't delete. Oh no. Good. We can always put it in, um, discord later on too.
Oh, that's a good idea. Yeah. Um, actually somebody, somebody probably is doing it right now.
Yeah. Tiger call. We'll have it in there in like five seconds.
So yeah, so he's like, he's really, he's really proud of like his game and stuff. Um, even though it's like really simple and, and that's fine.
Yeah. Guys, an eight year old did it in 45 minutes in his introductory class, but it's just still the whole like, I made this.
Yes, exactly. He's like really, he's like super like sighs is all he talked about all day.
Awesome. When you're 40 it's awesome. That's like, Hey, we've got this little show we do and people actually, well, and that's what he wants to do.
He wants to follow in daddy's footsteps. So that's why he wants to do all this stuff. So enjoy it while it lasts before he becomes a teenager.
And he's like, well, that's why I kind of, I want him to go to those classes in that way. Um, it's a good, I mean like if you're, let's assume that he's able to like complete the classes in the time that they have it set out, which is about two years to go through, like up to a black belt and stuff.
And then you're fully like knowledgeable and programming, you know, by the age of, you know, by 10 or 12, you know, by the time he gets through like some of the other stuff.
I feel like by the time your child finishes this program, we will have him on this show cause the show will still be going to promote whatever app he just released.
Yeah. I feel like that's going to be a thing. So it's kind of neat. It'll be fun. Like, yeah, I mean, I'm all, I mean, he can teach you a thing or two about finishing things.
That's just, yeah. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, you guys could do a game together.
Oh, that's so cute. Yeah, that'd be cool. All right, there you go. See, all right. Anyway, uh, a big hello of course to our live chatters.
Uh, we do again, we're live on Twitch, uh, at VOG Network, uh, Sunday nights at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
Although Bobby, uh, Bobby does like an annual, uh, thing for the Super Bowl with his friends and it's like that whole, this is my weekend. I see my friends.
So he's off tonight. Uh, understandably, I know a lot of people are, uh, distracted by sports tonight.
You know, I, I know in years past on this show, I've given the Super Bowl a lot of shit, but like, you know, I can't take back the things I said 13 years ago, but like, you know, I kind of have a new perspective on all that stuff now.
And, and you can thank RuPaul's Drag Race for it because like, I watch RuPaul's Drag Race and get really excited about it on Friday night.
And let me tell you, there are a lot of people that get super into RuPaul's Drag Race. You could just Google like a video for what happened on this last elimination, or so that I'm not spoiling things.
Go, uh, something that happened last year, Google, cause you'll, you'll know how to spell this. I'm sure Ben De La Creme self eliminates bar reaction.
That was last year. And, uh, just watch how people go fucking crazy. I, that, that is, that is Super Bowl for me. Does that make sense?
No, it makes no sense to me.
But other than that, other people don't give a shit and that's okay. I like my thing. You like your thing. Have fun. Just, um, just as long as you're still supporting OLR one way or the other.
Um, so anyway, in the chat room, uh, let's see, it's, it's a little sparse tonight. Thank you for you guys for being here. But Tiger Claw says John Cena, I can't even see him. That was before the game was posted. That's a, I think a play on the name there.
Uh, well no, it's a meme as well that you can't see John Cena.
Oh, okay. Oh, I thought he burst through the door and that's when the thing, the music plays.
Uh, well that's true, but this is another meme altogether.
Oh, okay. I only know the one. All right. I guess I'm not cool. Eight year olds, no more than I do. Uh, JD says flossing is only okay when Ted Danson does it. I'm sorry. That must be a good place reference. I'm so behind on that show. It's really.
I, I caught up only because I saw people talking about online. I'm like, no, no spoilers. So I like, I've been, I haven't seen the season at all. Okay. I'm not going to say anything, but I, I'm just saying that I finished the season.
I heard it's good. I heard it's good. I'm trying to, cause the twist for the first season got ruined for me way in advance. I really want to try to not get spoiled. Uh, Akuma JP in chat says nope for international listeners.
So yes, that is a great reminder is that, you know, there's folks in other countries that participate with this program. We love having you guys here and they, they could give a shit about American football, which is, which is totally fine.
It's all about the trailers. That's the movie trailers. Well, they have like a TV spot for, um, was it Avengers end game, but it was kind of like, uh, I got excited that it, cause I see it all through Twitter.
That's how I get all my information. The new Twilight zone hosted by Jordan Peele had a little teaser and I thought, yeah, I don't usually get excited about reboots, but that one is supposed to have a trailer for a toy story for, um, at the end I think.
And then also there was, um, what else? There was one other one that was supposed to be, um, video game related trailers, no video games advertising.
I don't know. You would think a big one like Anthem or something would try 76. All right. Well, you know, also was that they're supposed to be playing, uh, allegedly the, um, well I heard on Twitter that there's supposed to be a, a Pewdiepie, um, commercial.
Why? I don't know. You know what? I'm kind of warming up to him. I've watched a little bit more of his stuff nowadays and he's just weird, but he's done some really shitty things.
Just I, I realize you digging up the 10 year old dirt on people can sometimes be, you know, questionable, but that guy, I don't know. Anyway, I'm not going to get into it.
We have other stuff to get into tonight. Let's get into our kickoff topic for tonight, which is about one of those games that I referenced that I thought would have a Superbowl ad a little bit.
I mean, maybe it will. I don't know. This is about this game, but this is a, this is also about a trend in gaming. I want to get into it.
Yeah. And it's a trend mainly. I, we see a lot more with EA because EA has all these other services that they want you to subscribe to, to play games early.
So of course, you know, they have their whole, um, origin access program, which I believe is through PC.
And then they have the origin access premiere program, and then they have their EA access program, which is on Xbox one.
Um, so all of this garbage that makes it very confusing to when you're going to be able to play Anthem, but don't worry.
Thanks to the modern world of spreadsheets, we have a way to figure out when you'll be able to play it.
So for example, they have, you know, talking about demo early access on February 1st, everybody gets to play that.
But if you want early access to the full game, um, that's coming February 15th, only if you have origin access premiere.
And then if you're just a plebeian that has just regular origin access basic or EA access, you're going to get to play the game only the first 10 hours on February 15th.
And then of course, you know, for everybody, just those noobs out there that just don't want to pay up, you know, you can play the full game on February 22nd.
And I think with a game like Anthem, because if I'm not mistaking, it's similar to destiny where you're like leveling up a character you're trying to build, you're trying to progress.
And so that whole like a penis competition comes into play where it's like, I have to be the level 99 character in the first week.
Or, you know, what am I even doing playing this garbage? Like, and then people do.
And I've been guilty of that in the past too, with things like, Oh, I don't know, world of Warcraft expansions or, uh, final fantasy 14, even where it's like, I've got to be max level ASAP.
But I don't know. I think I hit a certain point for myself or like, I just kind of learned to let that go.
And I don't like, I don't have to be the first it's fine. Cause I'm never going to be the best.
I always going to be some, ideally you would want to be in there early to play stuff, but realistically based on what we've seen so far, good luck getting in on those servers.
I didn't even try this weekend to be fair. I don't know if it went bad. You'll have, you'll have several days of endless loading.
Did any listeners try to do Anthem this weekend? I'm kind of curious in our chat. I know we have a slightly smaller turnout than usual tonight.
Actually, it's not, it's not too bad, but, um, yeah, if anybody out there watching has a feedback on how Anthem went for you this weekend, I'm, I'm seeing mixed stuff on Twitter.
Some of my friends seem super into it and some are like, eh, so I, you know, I've, I've expressed my thoughts and I don't, I don't want to be a downer for those people that are really excited about Anthem.
So, you know, props, I hope you are having a good time. I hope it was playable. Um, but this going back to this, the whole distribution of the game.
And how we're in this, you know, in the year 2019, well, you know, this has been a trend.
It's player choice. It's player choice. We're giving you player choice, player's choice on how, when you can play Anthem.
You can choose to play it early if you give us more money or you could choose to play it later. You know, it's so interesting.
It's not even early. It's just that we're delaying the release to pay, you know, get you guys to pay us more money.
It's so interesting because so often, you know, as we've had the whole like video games are art and should be recognized as art.
We've, we've really talked about, I think in many ways, how video games and movies are not extraordinarily different in the way we kind of like consume them, I guess, if that makes sense.
Like, you know, they're very similar, like adjacent industries, obviously movies have a theater, you know, there, there are differences, you know, but, um, I think we have a lot of comparisons.
Like maybe video games ought to be rated similarly to movies and things like that. You know, we've had a lot of those conversations in the past, but the movie industry.
Can you imagine if it was like, but if you were a part of our secret program, you can see the movie two weeks early.
Like you can see the new Avengers two weeks early if you pay Marvel $10 a month for the unlimited Marvel thing. Like, is that, is that something?
They do that now though, they do that with digital. So digital, you can get that earlier if you pay digitally because then they're getting all of the money instead of having to pay money to put out physical copies or you can wait a couple of weeks when like the movie comes out on Blu Ray.
It's like own it digitally today. That's well, it's own it digitally now and pay or you can buy it in Blu Ray a few weeks from now or something like that.
So, okay. So I guess we are starting to see some similarity. All right. Well, with that being said, is this so awful? Is this the new norm if other industries are going this way?
It's awful because it's EA and because I know it doesn't come from a place of, Oh, generosity for the player. It comes from like, Oh, look at all these services that we're running that you pay money for to play a game early.
Okay. Going into our chat at Twitch TV, because I asked for some feedback on the Anthem. Questbuster says, I was actually able to get in on PS4 Anthem, but I also got server disconnects.
Sometime during the co-op dungeon, it was sometimes dumped me out with servers shut down. Still it worked. I was actually able to join games and co-op largely without issues on PS4.
Kind of worried about the open world experience though. It's pretty, but also pretty boring if the demo is anything to go by.
VG realness says, I tried, but the game refused to load on my primary monitor 4k. I tried to fix it and gave up. I had a similar problem. It would load on my 4k monitor, but it performed like ass.
Like it was really bad. And obviously I know to turn the 4k resolution down to 1080p. And then when I would move it to my second, cause I'm weird. Okay. I have a 4k monitor and my secondary is like a 1080p. Right?
So when I move it to my secondary monitor, it works fine. I have no performance and I don't change anything. It's just the one monitor versus the other, even though I'm telling it to run at 1080p on the 4k monitor, which is the thing you can do. Right?
So it's just, it's weird. What happens if you unhook the other monitor?
What do you mean? Like just unhook? Like, so they only have a primary monitor. Why do I have to unhook a fucking monitor to play? I don't know, but I'm just curious. Why are we even exploring this? This is more of a science experiment. I shouldn't have to MacGyver my fucking computer.
It's just like, you know, I understand that, but it's just like my, I understand it more though with my laptop because the dual, um, GPUs, you have this stupid integrated graphics.
Sorry. I just say VGRealness says, yeah, it was fine on my second monitor. So here's my question. VGRealness, do you also use mismatched resolutions? Like I do. I wonder if that's, maybe we just, we're, we're doing some bug sleuthing here on OLR for EA. Aren't we nice.
Um, let's see some other comments in chat. Um, she Hulk says no Anthem more. My backlog of games is so big. It's stressing me out. Hashtag mood.
Uh, Renji two to one says part of me is still kind of waiting for EA to screw Anthem up somehow. Well, well, well, I'm sure there's not long to wait.
Uh, and only Sonic says this stuff is why I'm not a fan of PC gaming. I mean, it's a fair retort. It's a fair retort. It's on all consoles. Well, yes, you can, you can download the PS4, the Xbox one, you can do that, but I like to keyboard mouse things.
If it's going to be a shooty game, which yes, I know you can do that on an Xbox one now. So maybe that's the happy little medium there, but I just know you're right.
It's just, it's lazy to be able to run it on my PC. It's lazy bullshit that this should have been ironed out, but they're going to say, well, it's a beta beta. It's free. You know what, but you're not free.
You're trying to, well, the weekend thing this week, but you're trying to sell a product. So, you know, I mean, how much, you know, going to our pal who we adore Bobby black Wolf, how much did he give Nino Cooney based on that demo, which even I, I loved Nino Cooney as a game,
but the demo was terrible because it didn't tell you like what the fuck to do. And it was really like, yeah, that demo was bad. Right. But like the game ended up being really good, but like, you know, when you play that demo and that's your impression of the game, like it does change minds.
So if you can't, if you can't beat the Anthem demo by loading it up because it won't load for you, does that mean you shouldn't buy the game?
Well, I kind of wasn't really planning on it anyway, not to be a bitch, but you guys all know how I feel about how EA treated Mass Effect and I'm not, I'm still a little salty about it and you can tell me to get over it and I don't want to.
But I was, I went into the demo. I was like, you know what, I'm going to, I'm going to give it a chance. I'm going to just, maybe I'm missing out. Maybe I'll, you know, I didn't like Mass Effect the very, very first time I played it and then I learned to love it later.
So maybe I'll give it and then all that other stuff. And I was like, reclaiming my time. I'm done. There's no loot boxes or anything in this so far.
But, um, what they do have of course is their premium currency. And the one thing I saw and granted it's still early, but there was a screenshot leaked or something of the storefront with the pricing for like some of the different skins and stuff.
And they're like wanting like 20 bucks for a skin for one of your suits or whatever, which is stupid. I mean, I understand it's cosmetic, but it's, I mean, if that's the pricing, that's ridiculous. I mean, you don't have to buy it, but it's still stupid.
Yeah. Well, anyway, I feel like this has just been the rag on Anthem segment and I really don't want to do that.
It's a rag on EA segment and that's fair. Um, but okay. But what about the staggered releases? Like, is this something that could, is this something we could see Nintendo doing in the future or other companies like, you know, that this might be a new norm?
Activision, I could see doing this and I want to say that they probably have done this before, but, um,
if you want to do a strict, has world of Warcraft ever done early? No, I don't think it has, but final fantasy 14 has, they've done the whole pre-order and you can play the expansion three days early or something like that, you know, but yeah, that's, I don't know.
But like, I think I can see Activision in this cause they're kind of scummy as well. Um, I don't see Nintendo doing something like this. They can't, I don't think they can, they don't have complicated skews.
Like Ubisoft has like a really ridiculous thing where you normally need like a spreadsheet to see what you're getting in each of their collectors additions or platinum and gold or whatever the hell that they're doing.
Um, so I can see them doing maybe something like that, but not Nintendo. I don't think Nintendo has enough skews to be able to say, Oh, well you play this early and you do this service, you're going to get early.
It would be nice to maybe, I don't know if you're paying for their online service to get some more perks with that, but I don't see them doing that.
What if it was a game that you were really into that went this route? Would you, would you want to get in on it early? Like let's say they do something that's right up your alley. They do like a new twisted metal or a new, Oh no.
Earth defense. I don't know what kind of saints road to a saints road to remaster or whatever, but you've got to be a subscriber to their service or whatever to do it. Would you do it?
It depends on what I'm getting for that in whether it's something that I'm really looking forward to. They have to be like selling like grand theft auto five level. Like I'm really need to be in there as early as possible to play that.
Um, cause a lot of stuff nowadays, you know, it's just like, I know I'm not going to get to it right away. Even if like I were to get into something early at that, it's probably not going to be, I'm not going to get to play it.
Um, so it'd have to be like some really exceptional thing. Like I know like crackdown threes right around the corner, but um, I'm not really doing anything to get into that early. I'll just play it when it comes out.
Well, Microsoft kind of has their own thing where it's like, if you are a monthly game passing, you get the game, which is not, but it's not, there's no date barrier there.
But yeah, exactly. You just get the game. But like I, I'm telling you, if that stuff was on PC, I would totally pay for that because that's pretty awesome. Um, and if I could get, you know, some of those games that they have that aren't really on PC, you know, the play on PC, that would be nice.
You know, like some of the backwards compatible things that I have, um, sadly they just don't have that. But, uh, uh, Renji two to one in our chat says, uh, two K already did it with NBA two K and red dead redemption two with the ultimate edition to play a couple days early.
I think, uh, well the red dead redemption thing that was more in, it wasn't really, um, it was more of like their online service. It was a beta. It was also beta testing.
I mean, technically it's still in beta. So read that online was earlier, but even that, like I technically could get in early on that because I had technically pre-ordered the game, even though I just, I paid for the day before it came out.
Um, so technically I pre-ordered it and I was in on, um, I played it the first day it came out, so I was eligible to play it the first day. Um, but to even to till day, I have not played red dead all night.
Although I did watch some videos of, uh, red dead redemption too. And I gotta say that there's some stuff that looks pretty fun in there. So I may have to go back to that game, but, um, no, I have not played online at all with that.
She Hulk, uh, tan in our chat has an interesting comment on crackdown saying, uh, if I am reading Phil Spencer, right, crackdown three will suck. He is pretty much already apologized for it in interviews.
I don't have high expectations for crackdown, so it's fine. I don't care. It's, it's crackdown and that's what it is.
The absurdity is part of the charm.
It's like, let's be honest, like crackdown.
What if it's like Bethesda buggy?
It wasn't that like polished to begin with. Like crackdown one, which is kind of fun because you get the blows.
Loki's apologizing for it too.
Like, like it seriously, it's, it's cracked it. If it's as long as it's cracked it with Terry Crews in it, I'm good. I don't need anything else.
There's no real story in it. It's just like you're blowing shit up and that's it. There's no story. I mean, uh, there was sort of a twist in the first one, but then like they kind of, I don't know if they, I can't remember two very well, but do they like retcon that or something?
But like, I don't know, but two is basically the same as one except it's slightly less annoying to find some of the orbs. Um, I never did find all of them in the first one.
All right, well let's move on. Let's talk about some of the games that we have been playing this week in a segment called how was your gaming week?
And I'm sure a lot of gaming podcasts you listen to do something like this and we're no different. So what kind of video games you've been playing this week?
I'm horrible. I haven't played anything this week, but I'll tell you what. So played your kid's game. Uh, yeah, I didn't play that a little bit. Um, so I did like I did download, um, kingdom hearts three.
So I'm going to play that at some point soon. Um, I meant to play on my cabinet this week. I really wanted to stream. I got pretty sick though this week. So I have like a really bad head. Yeah, I can hear you, your voice. Yeah, I'm still very congested.
So like I'm just getting over that now. So I did not feel, I felt extremely tired. Plus I couldn't breathe. So that combined with playing really hard and it's probably not the best thing. Not being able to breathe in that high heart rate. Yeah.
Hey, look, he collapsed. Cool. Um, so I haven't been able to do that yet. I am prepping. I've been spending my time though while I've been sick.
Um, doing, uh, finding Skyrim mods, all of the worst, worst mods I could find. And I'm going to put them together in a segment I like to call completely ordinary game of Skyrim that I will be hopefully streaming next week because my wife's leaving on a business trip so I can actually stream without annoying her.
And so I will try to put that all together. Um, by it's like Tuesday, Wednesday. So we'll see. Um, that's the plan. At least I wanted to do it. Skyrim is actually funny. Your, your spouse is going to be gone next week. Mine is going to be gone in two weeks. Cause I don't, I don't know if I came up on the show, but Alan got a job. So we're all very happy.
So, um, but he's doing like training away for like a week. So yeah, so I'm going to see about, um, doing some streaming on my PC, um, for Skyrim. There'll be the vanilla old Skyrim because special edition doesn't have dumb enough shit that I need.
Only the dankest things are the original Skyrim. So that's where we're going enough. Oh, dankest memes only. Yes. All of the, all of the garbage that's like I am scraping the bottom of that barrel.
So if it is, if it is annoying and stupid, it is going in as long as it has the, um, the brandy macho man savage, uh, mod for the, uh, I'm, I'm torn between that one or the Thomas, the tank engines. So I, my kids vote in Thomas. I kind of wanted the maybe macho man, Randy Savage. Um, it's, it's hard. I wish I could do both.
It sounds like your kids need to learn more about wrestling as it is. So I don't know. Yeah. I don't even know who much man Randy Savage is. So, Oh yeah, well that's good. That's unfortunate. Uh, my gaming week, uh, I've been playing a lot of the same old stuff.
Still playing world of Warcraft. Uh, got my shaman up to one 15 so it's kinda like my secondary character. I've been leveling, been playing Diablo three. Uh, thanks to a friend. I got power leveled in the latest season.
So I got right to level 70 and I've been working myself on getting all the unlocks for the season achievement. And so my wizard got the full six piece garb and I'm just kinda, you know, doing what you do in Diablo three and kind of grinding from there.
So I've been working on that. Um, as far as new games go, I think like a lot of ya, I was also jumping into kingdom hearts three this week. So I did play for a little bit, probably not as much as some of you out there, but I did play through the introductory world and a good chunk of like what comes after that.
To be fair, I did watch a 30 minute video trying to explain the backstory of all of the kingdom hearts games, which I watched that and I still don't know what the fuck is going on.
Here's the thing. Actually, one of the first things I would say about kingdom hearts three is that they do have, you can either start the game right away and you'll be presented with these at a, at a very, very early point in the game, uh, or you can access it in the main menu.
It's like memory archive or something like that. They have these little short movies you can watch and I mean they are short. They were like maybe three to five minutes like each and there's like maybe five of them that kind of explain what happens in certain game.
They're not telling you it's about this game, but they're kind of like, you know that, Oh, this is the one that's about, you know, a chain of memories. This is the one that's about the first game.
So you kind of learn about the plot and I think they did a pretty decent job considering kingdom hearts always gets, you know, a lot of shit for its complicated plot.
I think they did a pretty good job putting all the need to knows like in that little package. So, you know, because that was one of the things I was honestly worried about and like if I was Square Enix and I hadn't put out a main game in the series for a long time, I think it would be a decent thing.
One of the things to be concerned about is that, um, you know, people are not going to remember what was going on in this series. So they did a good job kind of like, here's the stuff you need to know to go right into the new game and go from here.
So yeah, cause I had the option of doing, they had like the, all of the kingdom hearts collection thing or you could do three and I'm like, I'm just going to do three. I don't want to play and spend hours.
Oh, like all that. Yeah. Yeah. Well then what's okay. So here's what's really funny. I don't think this is really a spoiler you guys, because it's something that happens in the early point of the game.
So I'm going to go ahead and talk about it because my thought is you probably have played it at this point. If you're going to be sensitive about a spoiler, that's no more than 30 minutes into the game and it's not that big a deal.
Um, so when you kind of finish the first little set of like every kingdom hearts starts with like the stained glass thing where you're kind of going like, are you going to be a warrior, a magician and Kingdom hearts three kind of has its own spin on it.
Then you get to the end of that and you get a title screen that comes up and it says kingdom hearts 2.9 and like, you're just like, are you fucking with me Square Enix? Like what is going on here?
So, but the whole, and I see what they're doing. And then the first world you go to is Olympus, which is one you've been to before, but the story is kind of set up in a way to try to explain like, this is why you have reset back to level one.
This is why you're kind of starting over on this adventure that you've been going on several times already. So they kind of use the Olympus chapter to kind of set that up.
And then once you beat the Olympus chapter, you get kingdom hearts three, like even, and I think, I think technically you see a kingdom hearts three title card, like really early on, but you, you get the, the one that you know is like, okay, now the game starting like after you kind of beat that introductory world.
And then you start to make your way to your first gummy ship experience, which I really, I really wish they would just make those things like optional. And you could just, I mean, I guess they are to an extent, you don't have to sit there and play the whole thing.
You can just kind of like fly through exactly where you want to go, but you know, that RPG got to catch them all collect everything person in me is like, but I've got to play the gummy ship stuff, even though it's not fun really.
But those are really the only reads I have the games really great. Otherwise, I mean, it's, it's kind of like a Kuma JP in our chat says kingdom hearts has story. Wow. And yeah, exactly right.
It's like, you know, a lot of people are just there to play like square Enix action, RPG meets Disney and that's like totally cool and okay. So that's, you know, from that element, I'm having a good time.
We'll just have square Enix team up with Nintendo. We'll do a new seat, a super Mario RPG, but in the kingdom hearts style, it's just reuse the engine.
It still blows my mind that this game isn't on the switch. I mean, yes, I understand why the switch is not as powerful and it's not like you can't say they haven't done kingdom hearts on Nintendo because like dream drop distance.
That was a 3d s game, but still, it does feel a little bit like man, but it has trouble. It's unreal for, and it has trouble like actually, you know, keeping frame rate up.
Um, especially like I saw like the best way they're describing the play is a 10 ADP, um, on the PlayStation four pro, which is what I'm probably going to end up doing. So you get 60 frame per second.
Free Marine on there. Now a good comment from our chat here. I mean, y'all have good comments, but this one I want to read here. A Renji two to one says, or with them putting it on Xbox for the first time talking about, you know, laying the foundation.
That's a very good point because you are going to have people that, you know, I, I don't know, like is, is there a lot of people out there that, well, I guess did they do the collection for the Xbox? They didn't. Oh yeah. Right.
You would have thought they would have put the collections out on Xbox. Maybe they will later. Maybe they will later. Maybe it's a time thing because final fantasy eventually, you know, all those are like making their way out to Xbox or have at this point.
So you would think those earlier Kingdom Hearts games, you would kind of want it for like, I would think, and I'm kind of thinking like, is there anybody who would want to just start with three when they don't know anything about the series?
Then I have to remember like, okay, if you were like eight years old when the last game came out and you're 20 now, maybe you are curious about it for the first time. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like, and you didn't really get to play a lot about, just think about that. Think about that.
If this had been the year Kingdom Hearts two came out, your kid would be 20 years old before the next game would come out. Isn't that something? Anyhow.
Let's see. Big red pimp in chat says, I've been going through Kingdom Hearts blind, the shame recently, and I'm still waiting for the, I get it moment. Um, you're going to be waiting a while.
Just saying, just, just turn the brain off and just pretty Disney fun. Fucking heal me, Donald. Just enjoy it for what it is.
I can't imagine it as a movie series because it's just like, I just watching like, like them explain the plot is just like, this is still so confusing. Like if it, if you have to like lay out what the plot is.
We talked a little bit about it on the last show, like not having a Kingdom Hearts TV show seems like an extremely missed opportunity, but I guess somebody had said, uh, on the last show in chat that an anime was explored for the, um, XD or wherever the Tron anime ended up,
but that nobody could see it because it was on this kind of obscure channel, but maybe they'll try again with their, um, Disney plus or I can't, that's the only reason I want to play too.
And I didn't play too because it has the Tron Tron. Yeah. It has space. Paranoids. Yeah. Sadly, no, no Tron and Kingdom Hearts three. It, it, I think it relies a little more on the Pixar side of things.
Yeah, not all, but it's Pixar and new Disney animation studio. So the, all the CG things. So, I mean, but I, you know, I haven't been able to play that far into the game yet,
but just kind of reading friends, impressions and stuff. It sounds like there's some pretty exciting stuff there. It sounds like I will say, I'm sure some of you guys have probably seen like the side by side comparisons.
There's obviously a part in the game where you're in the frozen world. We know that that's a world and there's a part, of course, if they're going to go to frozen land, somebody's going to sing, let it go.
Cause of course they're going to write, but they actually do it very similar to the way they do it in the movie. And there's this like side by side comparison tweet that was going around that shows it in the movie and shows it in Kingdom Hearts.
And like graphically, they look well in the parts of the Caribbean level. Yeah. I mean the screenshots in that look pretty incredible too. So it's just really neat that like it's being rendered in that engine and it looks like the movie.
And obviously there's very subtle changes where like when she throws off her Cape at the end and the movie, it just kind of like goes off into space, but in the game, like it flies over Sora and Donald and they're kind of looking at it.
So like there's those kinds of subtle changes to put it in Kingdom Hearts, but it's really something to watch that like, wow, this is, you have to remember like what powerful little computers, these things we have in our living room are that do this, these kinds of things.
And I hear Tangled. I haven't again played it, but it's basically the movie. I haven't even watched, I've never seen Tangled. Tangled was great. I love Tangled.
That's the only animated Disney movie recently that I have not seen.
That's probably the only one I have. I never did see Frozen really the whole way through. I feel like I've seen enough bits and pieces.
You need to see Big Hero 6. It's pretty awesome.
I did see Wreck-It Ralph, of course, but I didn't see the sequel. I need to see it.
Oh, sequels on Netflix now, I think.
Oh, is it? But anyway, um, the, the, the whole, okay. The one thing about Kingdom Hearts is kind of like, I don't know, it's just interesting.
It is an awful lot of fun, but you know, you're kind of button mashing, right? You just xxx it, kill mobs, and maybe you're doing some parrying and blocking.
But a lot of times you'll get these, uh, triangle moves that come up. Like if you attack a certain enemy, then it's gonna do an attraction move.
And these attraction moves are extra as fuck. It is exactly what we come to know and love about like Final Fantasy, like summons.
Like imagine, like, Knights of the Round, but it's like, fxxking, they call it, they just call it Splash Ride, because it's not really Big Thunder Mountain, but it's, it's one of those inner tube rides.
What is, they have one at Great America near us, and I can't remember the name of it.
Rip Roaring Rapids in Great America.
Rip Roaring Rapids, okay.
But they have like the, it's, uh,
Because I don't think
And California Adventure has one. It's like, uh,
Oh, you're right. California Grizzly. The Grizzly.
Yeah, Grizzly something or other, I don't remember.
Great Grizzly Run or something. You're right, they do have one. So, I don't know why they didn't call it that, but they didn't.
But anyway, so it's like, oh, it comes out, and then you, you ride around in it, you control it, so you just keep running over the monsters to do damage.
And then when you hit the finish button, because you only have so much time before it runs out, so if you hit the finish button before it runs out, you do the whole thing in reverse, really fast, and then you run over them all again, and there's this water effects everywhere.
Like, it's, it's so extra. Like, there's a, and they happen a lot.
It's like, every time I'm fighting things, it's like, oh, press X to have Donald set off fireworks.
Or press X to, or press triangle, excuse me, to have the teacups come out, and you're spinning around in teacups, kind of doing a very similar thing.
It's, it's really extra, but I kind of love it, and there's something really satisfying about, like, you know, in one of the boss fights, and I think this was in some of the early previews,
You press the triangle, and, like, Big Thunder Mountain shows up, and that whole thing, like, that's during one of the boss fights, and it's, it feels really fucking satisfying,
even though you're kind of like, I'm really not doing anything but butt-mashing, but it feels really good.
It's all about feels.
Yeah, but I am, I'm not even really playing on easy mode, I'm just playing on, like, normal, whatever that, whatever they call it in that game.
There is a harder level that I guess probably presents more of a challenge, I'm just not playing in that particular mode right now, so.
Was there a good Ralph in the second game as well, or was that just, um, is that?
You mean Kingdom Hearts 2?
Yeah, did they have a level for Wreck-It Ralph in there? I know he's, like, a summon or something in this one.
Yeah, Wreck-It Ralph is too new of a move, you know how old Kingdom Hearts 2 is?
No.
Your best chance would have been to maybe Dream Drop Distance or something, but no, no, Wreck-It Ralph is a summon, is the only, I have yet to see that one.
That one has not come up in my rotation yet, but there's been, you know, considering I'm not that far into the game, I've seen quite a variety so far of those little summon things.
They're pretty cool. So, anyway, going to our chat, let's see, AkumaJP in chat says, I was asking my friends if they want to see Wreck-It Ralph 2, and they were like, what?
I forget in Japan they call it Sugar Rush. I didn't know they changed the name of the movie there, I guess that makes sense.
I mean, the name Wreck-It Ralph probably gets lost in translation a little bit, kind of play on words, I don't know.
Anyway, yeah, that's Joe100Matt reminding us, Kingdom Hearts 2 is 2005, and Questbuster pointing out Disney Animal Kingdom has a water ride like that.
I figured, and Disney has a water park in Orlando too, right, so I figured there had to be a ride like it, but it is interesting, they don't necessarily always name the rides.
There's also a, I feel like all the Disney rides are based off things I've done at other theme parks, because there's a pirate ship one too, where you spin around and around, but Disney doesn't have a ride where the boat goes upside down.
No, but Great American does.
I don't think they do anymore.
They used to.
Yeah, the revolution, I don't remember that.
So it's weird, I'm like, why am I doing a Great American ride at Disneyland?
Well maybe it's a thing in the Orlando park.
It's like in the summoning drop zone, wait a second.
Or in Japan or something, because you know, there's more places than just Disneyland.
Is there a Disney park that has the boat that goes upside down, like it does in the game?
There's rides like that at the State Fair, it's kind of a common ride, but I just think it's too thrilling for Disney. Disney doesn't have a lot of upside down stuff.
They have some, like the Incredicoaster you saw has that very gentle loop.
If I had a friend that was nervous of roller coasters and the whole upside down, I would recommend that as a first one, because even though it looks big, it actually helps how it feels.
Because it's a very gradual turn and it doesn't feel so crazy.
JD points out Disney has two water parks in the Orlando area.
AkumaJP says, not that I can remember.
Questbuster says, you're in for a treat.
There are so many attraction attacks. I'm pretty far in the game and keep finding more. It's pretty cool. Pretty cool.
Tigerclaw says, by the time we get to Kingdom Hearts 4, we'll probably see Marvel and Star Wars being added.
I hope so. And Indiana Jones. Let's do Indiana Jones in there too.
I would say there's probably going to be 500 more spinoff games before there's a Kingdom Hearts 4.
I'm fine with the whole Marvel Tron spinoff.
Yeah, why not just instead of necessarily having... I'm a big fan of Kingdom Hearts, so I'm not saying this to be me, but why does it have to be at Kingdom Hearts?
Why can't it just be like Adventures in Marvel?
Or we can just do some DLC content for Kingdom Hearts 3 and bonus side story shit.
I don't think they designed it to really do DLC, which is okay.
Big Red pinpoints out, if we ever get to Kingdom Hearts 4, some of us will be nearing 70.
True. And the show will probably still be going.
Alright, that's enough about our gaming weeks, but we had to talk about Kingdom Hearts 3.
Come on, I know it's the game that a lot of you are playing this week.
You know what's interesting? I've seen an interesting little Twitter meme that's like,
some households are Kingdom Hearts 3, some households are Resident Evil 2 Remake.
And I know that Dark Sakura, they've been playing Resident Evil 2 Remake. They're not really playing Kingdom Hearts 3 right now.
And some households are Piranha Plant.
That is another big thing that's been going on this week that I have yet to touch,
but I need to go back there and download it.
Still didn't pick up the game, so I'm going to have to buy my DLC.
Ah, bummer.
I'll wait. I'll wait, because I just don't have time to play it.
Alright, well, let's get into some news. There's some more news going on in the gaming industry this week. Let's get to it.
Yes, speaking of Nintendo, there's going to be a new game coming to phones soon, and that's Dr. Mario.
So, they're going to be working on a Dr. Mario game with, I guess, this Japanese company called Line.
And it's going to be a game coming to Android and iOS early summer 2019.
I'm assuming it's just going to be a puzzle game, like Dr. Mario. I think you kind of know what to expect.
So, we'll have to wait and see what that's all about.
And, of course, you may remember that they were working on a Mario Kart game for phones as well.
It was supposed to be coming out this March in Japan. However, now it's been pushed back to summer, and it has the title of Mario Kart Tour.
So, we'll have to wait a little longer to see what that is.
Nintendo's had a little bit of a rocky road with mobile, so maybe they're just kind of pushing it back to get it right, take a little more time with it.
They said the delay was to improve quality and expand the post-release service content.
That's the second news we've had in a very short period of time where Nintendo kind of made a quality call and pushed something back.
Very interesting.
Well, I'm glad someone's doing it, because there are certain companies that sure as heck don't know what they're doing.
It's true. It's very true. So, all right. How do you feel about a Dr. Mario mobile game?
I control weird.
I don't know.
The only thing I don't like about it is that there's no tangible controller, and so, I mean, of course, you tap to go left, tap to go right, tap to rotate.
I'm sure that'll be a thing, but I don't know. I just feel like maybe they'll, I don't know.
You can drag it around and tap to rotate.
Maybe now that the phones are all fancy and have that haptic stuff, maybe you can slide left or right and you'll feel the haptic click for every space that you move it.
That seems kind of like it might be neat. I don't know.
Eh.
I suppose, yeah, whenever like puzzle like luminous is on mobile and it's great because it has shine in and some of those, but then it's like trying to play is kind of, it's not the greatest on mobile sometimes, but whatever.
Anyway, let's see.
Tiger Claw on chat says that Dr. Mario mobile game will probably be microtransaction link tell JD says, why do you say that?
Um, I guess it's probably too early to know. I mean, I don't know. How could you microtransaction a game like Dr. Mario unless maybe it was like pay to go against people online, but I would imagine a lot of it's going to have to be like cosmetic stuff.
I guess. How could you pay gate Dr. Mario, but unless they just chart this, they kind of go the route that they did for Mario run and they say, you got to pay 10 bucks to play the game unless it's going to be set up like.
Like more of a puzzle game, kind of like a candy crush or something like that, where you have to break certain like, uh, configurations of, uh, gave that totally realistic possibility, like, you know, configurations of viruses and stuff like that.
And they can have more colors and you're right. So it would just be like, oh, you play and then you have to pay if you want to skip the level cause it's too hard or you can grind out the item.
It just takes you forever. That type of thing, you know, uh, on a completely random tangent, I always tease Alan because there's this sailor moon match three game that he plays a lot on the tablet and it's the same type of thing.
You can pay to do it faster, but like he, you know, he'll grind out like a bunch of matches during a holiday event to get whatever it is he wants. Apparently the news came in this week or last week. They're shutting that game off.
Oh no. I know. It was like, why? It's like, I'm like, God, you play that game a lot. That's sad. But I actually, I learned about it through Rama from anime jam session. He posted, I think he was teasing.
It might've been his co-host about it or something. I don't know, but I just saw it on Rama's Facebook and I was like, Alan, isn't this the game that you play? And he's like, yeah, what the hell? He's, he's a little heated about it.
Oh, yeah. Sad. All right. Let's see. Let's see. I'm trying to read a little more of this kind of little debate, not so much debate, but just discussion going on in chat.
And thank you. Oh, Rama's in chat and says Sailor Moon drops. That was called, that was what it was called. Tiger Claw says, this is a problem with mobile games in general. They put a lot of microtransactions on them, which is why they are free to play in the first place.
And JD says, are you basing this on mobile games in general or your specific experience with Nintendo's mobile offerings? Um, and then Dark Tetsuya says, didn't the Mario run model not do as well as they hope?
And I think that's why a lot of us are kind of curious to see what Nintendo does here, because I think they should just charge a flat fee for the game.
I think what they did wrong with Mario run was they did this whole, it's free demo. And then you pay, I, I kind of think they should have just charged for the app upfront.
Like I get, it was admirable what they were trying to do to give you the taste for free, but they really should have just made you pay for the app. People would have paid for it. They pay for Mario games anyway.
So I think that probably should have just been what they did. So it'll be interesting to see if they just do that with Dr. Mario or what, but even though they haven't had the best luck with some of their online titles, like obviously Miitomo,
did not live up to their expectations. I don't know how animal crossing, uh, the, the mobile game is performing pretty well for them.
But I know that Dragellia Lost kind of came out of nowhere with no fanfare. And I know people that are like into that. So I wonder if maybe they're finding that, I mean, you don't have to build everything up with this super big fanfare.
I don't know. I don't know. Anyway, um, Tigerclaw also points out another thing about these mobile games. They are always updated with new content and the new content is usually maybe new characters, no levels to play at.
Well, I mean, we'll see. We'll see what happens when Nintendo, when we get more information about, uh, what they, how they plan to make money because that's what they do. That's what the game industry is for is to make money.
So they're going to do it one way or another. This is an interesting development though in the gaming industry. This is, um, this is huge in my opinion, but, um, it has to do with Xbox live and, uh, Microsoft is going to be hosting a session at the upcoming game developers conference, which I think is what next month?
It's coming up pretty soon March. Yeah. Yeah. And, uh, in this talk, they're going to be talking about Xbox live and how there's going to be a cross platform development kit because, you know, we're hearing more and more about cross platform play and all that stuff.
But this is, this is going a little further because there's going to be a cross platform developer kit that integrates Xbox live into Android and iOS as well as the switch.
Yeah. Cause they have that already for Minecraft.
Right. Exactly. So that's why it's like one of those, like when you kind of go like what it's like, but Minecraft, right.
But no Sony cause they don't play nice with anybody.
Well, right. And it's, it's a little more competitive in that regard. Um, but isn't this interesting that we've kind of always joked about when's Nintendo going to have an achievement system? When are they going to build their own type of thing?
And now we're looking at, you know, again, we're, we're kind of cart before the horsing a little bit. We need to hear more about this talk. We need to hear more about what this integration is really going to have with it.
But it sounds like we could be looking at, you could build a game that pops Xbox live achievements on switch. And so now Nintendo switch will have Xbox live for the achievements.
Now put virtual console on Xbox live arcade.
But here's the thing, here's the thing before we get too carried away. It's not that like Nintendo is going to incorporate Xbox live into first party Nintendo titles.
That's not what we're talking about. We're talking about the vast library of indie offerings that Nintendo has where this will be an option.
Like it feels weird calling Minecraft an indie game at this point, but we know that's where its roots while we're why we're here at this point.
Now having this talk like Minecraft did on the switch, I think we might see more and more games start to include that sort of thing, which is very interesting.
I mean, despite all the crap we've given about Nintendo and online, I don't think anybody could have predicted that Microsoft will just fill in for Nintendo's online stuff.
Some of it, some of it, but it's, again, I'm fine with that. They're not, it's not, again, Nintendo is still going to have their online service where you have to pay to battle people online and stuff.
Like, it's not like this is replacing that. It's just that this is going to have the added what achievements, friends list, getting messaging, getting to see what your friends are playing and all that stuff.
Anyway, this session will be a first look at this and not that games are going to have this right away. So it's, you know, it's game developers conference.
So this is getting people thinking about it to integrate in their games possibly later. Some folks are also reflecting on what could this mean maybe for Microsoft's broader strategy.
Maybe, you know, they're not putting all their eggs in the console market basket. Definitely, you know, talking about game streaming.
I wonder if they want to have the switch be a thing that you could stream Xbox games too. Could you imagine playing crackdown three on the switch?
No.
I mean, I, if Nintendo allows it, that could be very fascinating.
I'll play on my PC. Thank you very much. Cause my kids ruin with switch controllers. So, uh, so yeah, it seems like, uh, you know, the technology and those types of services are what Microsoft wants to do, which if you think about it is not exactly like an on Microsoft strategy.
I mean, how do we all know Microsoft windows and kind of like that structure that makes many computer?
I can't say all computers, but many computers run if they're not a Mac or, you know, you're one of those guys that likes to Linux or, you know, one of those other things.
So, um, interesting. I, I'm, I, I just find this concept fascinating that we might have late Xbox live integration in Nintendo stuff, even though again, it's not like Mario games are going to have it.
I don't see Nintendo going that far, but could Nintendo be challenged push to do their own thing? Could you see more friendly connections between Nintendo and Microsoft?
I hope so.
Yeah. I mean, it's, it's weird because like competition is very healthy for the industry, but at the same time, these sorts of come together, things are also like really kind of fascinating.
Cause if anything, at least give Sony a kick in the pants so they can do some better stuff in regards to what people actually want on their console.
A big red pimp in chat says Nintendo has a lot of catching up to do to ever get online. Right. And that's if they stay on the hardware side, you know, I caught a little shade there at another company, but did you see that?
I think it's a rumor. It's heavy rumor. Uh, so it's not on our show world tonight, but I'll bring it up anyway. Uh, that there's like some trademark or patent or something for PlayStation five and some type of emulation technology.
Yeah. They are assuming it's for PlayStation five where it looks like Sony may be trying to have a PlayStation five play the entire library PlayStation four, three, two, and one games through emulation.
I'm, I would be kind of shocked that it would, I, I worry people are jumping to, well, I don't know if it, I think they're still going to try to resell you those games.
I think it would be more of like system on chip stuff. Cause now we have like, we're so into it now where PlayStation one, you know, system on chips are probably pretty cheap or you get developed something that's pretty cheap.
Obviously. So they have the PlayStation classic, which please don't use that one cause that didn't work out too well. But you know, I don't think they will. Other things could run a PlayStation one game, you know, obviously a PSP could play a PS, you know, you could probably shove a PSP into one of those systems.
Um, so I could see them doing something like that, but yeah, I hope, I hope that they're actually do some backwards compatibility cause I have a pretty large library thanks to PlayStation plus of all these digital games that I have on PlayStation three, but non PlayStation four, but I don't want to dig up my PlayStation three to play them.
And probably by the time I do dig my PlayStation three out to play them, it won't work anymore. So, um, Akuma JP in chat says if that's what it is, they can take my money now.
Well, again, I don't want to, you know, it's rumors patents just cause you a patent doesn't mean you're going to use it. So, you know, take with a huge, take a salt lick, you know, it's, but it's, it's interesting.
And maybe just some wishful thinking in that regard that maybe Sony will go down that route, but there's still that pessimist to me that's like, well, just because they're going to emulate it doesn't mean they're going to run your old discs.
They're going to just make you buy the games again, do it that way, but we'll see. I maybe I'll, I'll be hopeful. That would be pretty rad if your whole library, I mean, it's kind of what we've wanted on PlayStation four all along.
But it would be really rad if maybe Sony is kind of like, we hear you. And so on PlayStation five, it is now a PlayStation everything or what it does.
You know, I'm sure there's some clever little marketing thing they can do there where it's like all your PlayStation in this thing. So it'd be cool if they did it.
We'll see your backlog. Yes. And you have all these games you can play that you have never touched. Anyway. All right, let's move on to our next story. Logie.
So there is this game that's going to be, it's not announced yet, but it was leaked out by esports journalist, Rod Breslow, and it's basically been reported that there's going to be a spinoff.
It's developed by the folks that did Titanfall called Apex Legends, and it is a battle royale game that's actually set to be out on Monday.
So possibly tomorrow on PC, Xbox and PlayStation four. It's supposed to be a free to play game. It's going to be like Titanfall, but without the Titans, which unfortunately that was the great part of the game.
But, you know, some of the same type of movement stuff they said comparing the gameplay is kind of like Titanfall mixed with Overwatch and Blackout from Call of Duty Blackouts four.
But yeah, it's interesting to see that, you know, there might be something coming like this, I guess while the wait and see what it is.
And they're saying that maybe it could be revealed tomorrow or even part of the Super Bowl. We may see a reveal later tonight. Who knows?
But, um, yeah, I'm sure some people are multitasking and probably have like the TV on low while they're watching this.
So it'll be out on the Internet if it's announced. So I'm sure we'll see.
Questbuster points out there's a respawn stream slated for tomorrow on Apex at 8 a.m. Pacific time.
Well, then that's probably it. Yeah.
It's not funny, too, because I just said I'm surprised there's no video games doing a commercial Super Bowl.
Anyway, moving on to a studio that does commercials for their big games because they've done some big games.
Quantic Dream. I'm sure some of you heard this news this week.
Quantic Dream is the studio behind big PlayStation titles like Heavy Rain, Beyond Two Souls and Detroit Become Human.
You know, these are very big cinematic story driven games and they've all been PlayStation exclusive games.
But they put out a video this week that was kind of like a play on Detroit.
They had like the Android girl from Detroit Become Human kind of doing this announcement that they have basically been acquired by.
Well, I'm sorry, not acquired, not acquired. They are leaving the PlayStation exclusivity behind because this was a story that went on Variety and VentureBeat,
where bosses at Quantic Dream, including David Cage, went on and said they're not going to be solely PlayStation anymore.
But the funding is coming from Chinese mega developer NetEase.
And you're hearing them a lot because NetEase also is working with Bungie on whatever's coming after Destiny.
There's that. And there's the Diablo mobile game, which kind of got a lot of crap.
So it's interesting how NetEase is like, you can't fucking get away from them right now.
Like, I don't have an opinion on NetEase yet. Interesting that they came out with a console.
Oh, I don't think that's definitely a thought. Yeah.
But well, I mean, but we know these games like mobile and, you know, we know the other platforms, a lot of these things are going on, too.
But it's interesting. So anyhow, you know, in a statement, one of the other heads of the studio, I'm probably going to butcher his name, sorry.
Guillemin de Fondumier said, Our objective is to be present on all platforms where there is an audience that can enjoy our experiences.
We will, of course, continue developing on PlayStation, a platform that we know very well.
After having worked with Sony for 12 years, we will also be present on all other relevant platforms.
So interesting. They're not going to limit themselves to just Sony.
Obviously, that means Xbox probably in their future. But I think also that would mean PC is probably going to be in there.
It's kind of interesting to see these studios kind of go away from Sony a little bit, like not being like console exclusives and stuff.
Interesting. It's weird because I want to say that their stubbornness on the cross platform probably didn't do them any favors.
But Quantic Dream isn't exactly making multiplayer big.
No, they're doing these like almost like, I know, playable cinematics, it seems like.
Well, I think just in general, we're kind of seeing this industry go, why are we so siloed with PC games, Xbox games, Nintendo games?
Sony, why are we so siloed?
Well, it's probably money, probably because when Quantic Dream came, you know, to do a lot of exclusives, it was they were bankrolling a lot of that stuff.
They always get a plus features at Sony press conferences.
So, you know, it's probably that relationship and the money. And maybe now they have enough of their own money bankroll that they can say, you know, we don't need to rely on Sony to keep bankrolling that stuff.
And then maybe now if we put it multi platform that we can actually sell more copies and make more money and kind of move independently from the kind of like how Bungie now is kind of moving their own way.
And they can. I was going to say this has this similar things have played out in Sony's favor before, such as Bungie.
Yeah, the Halo makers ended up doing Destiny on PlayStation as well as Xbox. And that was a big deal.
So and even so, what will be really interesting is that when when Destiny went over to PlayStation, they kind of like Sony obviously put a lot of money on that to get the exclusive stuffs and the highlighting.
So it'll be interesting to see if Microsoft or maybe Nintendo, I mean, who's to say that Quantic Dream isn't interested, maybe in Switch stuff.
It'll be interesting to see if those companies are going to try to put money into it to make themselves look a little more like the new home for this.
I'd be like interested to see them kind of branch out from the same type of game that they've made the same type of game like three or four times.
But they're they're pretty well received.
Some people in Detroit become human do really well. I mean, I think so.
Yeah, I see. I know some people that really didn't care for the story and thought it was really heavy handed. I haven't played it myself.
I don't have an opinion, but I know some people like loved it and thought it was a fascinating story and fascinating game.
But I feel like that was the same stuff I heard about Heavy Rain. Some people thought that game was amazing. Some people thought it was ridiculous.
So it's just it might just be sometimes you like a movie and sometimes you don't.
That's what it is. All right. Well, let's move on to another story here.
And I totally forgot to hit the next button there. But that happens sometimes as we are doing live radio here.
So I need to step away for just a moment. So sorry, Loki, you got to fill time here.
No worries. So this is kind of different. This is a mod for Final Fantasy seven on PC.
So what this does is it actually uses A.I. neural networks to up res the backgrounds and visuals of Final Fantasy seven to make it to about four times the resolution.
So what they did is they did this. The remake. Oh, I love that name.
Remake HD graphics mod is a mod that completely revamps the pre-rendered backgrounds of classic JRPG Final Fantasy seven.
All of the backgrounds now have four times the resolution of the original using say they are eight by neural networks.
This upscaling tries to emulate the detail of the original renders with what they would have been.
This helps the new visuals to come as close to a high resolution re rendering of the original as possible with the current technology,
because the remasters, they didn't really have better graphics in the backgrounds,
which kind of made the games look kind of rough around the edges.
And even with like the low poly characters, it just made it a little bit difficult to play.
For me, I know it didn't really stand up the test of time.
But now I got to say, though, you can actually watch.
They have a video that kind of is a side by side comparison between what it looks like currently and the remake.
And it looks pretty nice. So everything's much more dithered.
It looks, you know, definitely sharper and more in line with an actual remake, which is pretty awesome.
So they have if you want to check it out, they have a really long URL for this.
But I'm sure if you do a search for the remake, oh, HD graphics mod on Google or something like that, you can find it.
But they have it on his blog spot. He has the mod. It's a beta release right now.
So you can go check it out. Apparently, I want to say it looks like they've done something similar with Doom before.
They kind of made in sort of an HD version of the original Doom using the same type of technology.
So that was pretty awesome. It looks like it was pretty effective with the sprites and stuff they had there.
Though I did not play that one either. But I am willing to check this out because I do like me some Final Fantasy 7.
But I just had a hard time going back to the PC version.
It's like, oh, my God, this looks so terrible. How do I remember this looking so bad?
I do remember it. But, you know, playing an old CRT, it's definitely a lot different than upscaling or not even upscaling.
Just making it as big as like a 1080p on my monitor.
But, yeah, go check it out since it's free to download.
And I'm kind of wondering what other things they could use this for. Like maybe I would love to see something like this on like, say, Super Mario RPG or something like that.
Because, you know, that game, even like with Donkey Kong Country and stuff like that, those rare the kind of pre rendered sprite stuff where they were using it in the SNES.
That would probably look pretty nice if they were actually upscale that as well. So check it out.
And it's getting done faster than the actual HD Final Fantasy 7. But they're building that essentially from the ground up, I guess.
Right. But I don't understand why they didn't.
Well, yeah, I think a lot of us like, OK, why did they put out this old Final Fantasy 7 on PlayStation 4 and PC, but they didn't like try to zhuzh it up a little bit?
Because it's harder to do like sprite work. It's harder to make it look better without actually having someone go in there and do it.
Well, they have now AI that can do that kind of stuff and kind of try to make it look nicer.
Whereas a lot of these upscaled HD remakes or whatever, it's basically just taking the same geometry, but you're putting it in a higher resolution.
So, of course, it looks crisper and everything. But that doesn't work if you have pre rendered backgrounds because you can't up res that.
Same with like why the pre rendered cut scenes that they have. It's like, oh, the game's all HD and the cut scenes look like shit because it's pre rendered from like a long time ago instead of, you know, redoing it.
Which is in Final Fantasy 7 is like an especially good example of that, because there were some like really low quality scenes.
And like you go into these cut scenes, they're very beautifully rendered. And then I feel like some are even like there was like the in-game cut scenes, the overworld and like the rendered cut scenes that looked really good.
You know, when Aris gets stabbed, it looks really good.
We need AI neural networks to make the stabbing look that much better.
That is come on. As far as like the Final Fantasy 7, like actual HD, that is the one thing I want to see how they do it.
Like, is it are they are they still going to keep it?
Because, you know, it wasn't like bloody or gross or anything like that. But like, are they going to like is it still going to be like gentle and said, like, how are they going to do that moment?
That was a big moment, like in video gaming. So it's kind of curious how they're going to do that.
You think it's something sassy? What? So what they're going to do, what is they're going to go the world combat route?
So it's going to go like into the whole X-ray thing.
You're going to see the knife go through all of the organs and everything is now.
Oh, Square Enix doesn't do that. Stop. Oh, and I guess they are the studio does like a hit man, huh?
Anyway. All right. Some folks in chat going along with you saying Super Mario RPG in HD would be great.
Yes, for sure.
Anyway, speaking of mods, another big mod that came out this week, officially, this mod has been in development for some time, but it's for Diablo 2.
And that's right. It's not a typo. We're talking Diablo 2, not Diablo 3.
You know, some people still love Diablo 2. And I understand, you know, there are different games, you know, Diablo 2, Diablo 3.
So some people are still really into Diablo 2. And this, I mean, this even makes me want to kind of go back and like try to find my CD and like check it out.
Because this sounds pretty cool. It's a new mod called Median XL.
But again, it's been in development for some time. So some of you may have already played it, but the official 1.0 version is now out.
It says thousands of new items, graphical improvements, extra skills, end game content, 30 new abilities for each class, reward skills when you overcome challenges.
For example, a crossbow necromancer build and a druid that has tree warden.
And then there's a new end game with 40 new quests, new monsters, which has, they brought in Asmodan from Diablo 3.
And yeah, you can do, I guess you actually get to play as Diablo in one quest.
And they do some quality of life things like automatic gold pickup.
Like it sounds like a full fledged freaking Diablo expansion, but done by fans.
Not even like Blizzard has obviously moved on to Diablo mobile and assuredly some sort of Diablo 4 whenever they decide they're ready to unveil what's behind the curtain.
They didn't do a Diablo 2 like remaster thing like they do with World War or not World War, Warcraft 3 or whatever.
No, they didn't. That kind of surprised people. People still think that could be a thing because they have done it with original StarCraft.
That's already out. Warcraft 3 was announced. People kind of forgot it because that's the announcement they should have done last at Blizzcon.
But instead they did that Diablo thing. Uh, and so a lot of people kind of assume, well, those franchises are getting it.
Well, maybe when they announced the actual Diablo 4, then they probably do that.
They might do like, here's Diablo 4, but to hold you over until then, here's Diablo 2.
But you know, says our mobile game isn't going to do it.
Blizzard's gotta be thinking about the whole PR thing right about now.
I'm sure they're licking their wounds after Blizzcon and we're going to see a very different.
Well, I don't know if I want to say very different, but I think we'll just see improvements at Blizzcon this year.
I think, I think they've heard them at Blizzard. They're not stupid.
They know, they know what's on the internet and they're going to not, hopefully not fuck up again like that and reassess some things with that.
Anyway, um, let's see. Gosh, some of you guys in chat are gross. They're still talking about the Aerith death thing and all that stuff.
Anyway. All right. Uh, so yeah, modding, uh, modding old games.
Uh, good, good way to talk about some classic games.
And of course the segment we like to do here every week on the show called, uh, the classic game of the week.
I do want to warn you guys though, before we get into this week's classic game of the week.
Uh, it was, uh, apparently the time and space radio magic portal caused there to be a little bit of an echo when Jamie's talking tonight.
And that totally has nothing to do with me accidentally leaving a microphone on near the television that I would never be so stupid as to make a mistake like that.
But regardless, you'll have to excuse some of the sound issues in this week's classic game of the week, but it's listenable.
So, uh, without further ado.
And so that means that that time in the show where I'm going to throw the ball over to Dark Sakura to give us our classic game of the week.
Hi Dark Sakura.
I can't catch anything. If that's a superb L reference then no.
Maybe. I don't know. Might've been.
Well, anyway, uh, welcome back to the show. Good to have you here every week.
I know you like to step into the gaming vault and find a game that the kids should be playing.
So, uh, tell us about the classic game of the week.
The classic game is the Cap Attack.
It is a game that came out in 1991.
It is a platformer done by Vic Tokai and published by Sega for the Genesis in the US.
It is actually a redone version of another Japanese Mega Drive game in 1990 called Magico Hat No Butofi Tago Daibouken.
Um, it basically just completely redid the game.
The level designs are a little bit changed but most of the stuff is where they left it but they made it darker.
Because Magico Hat was actually kind of bright and cheerful and this was kind of, well, I'd say undead.
Um, but at any rate, both of them are updates of the 1988 NES game called Kid Cool and the 1989 Master System game called Psycho Fox.
Um, they were released for the Sega Genesis Collection for PS2 and PS Portable, Sonic's Ultimate Genesis Collection for Xbox 360 and Playstation 3 and on Steam and via the Sega Forever mobile service.
So, um, in this particular game you play Chuck D Head, a headless mummy who was created by a mad scientist named Frank Enstein and his assistant Igor who has to defeat someone called Max D Cap who is a demon who is trying to conquer the surface world.
Um, so basically, um, you're going around the game, um, as this mummy.
You know, you have to climb and jump around and there's lots of platform and you've got different, you know, things that can support Chuck.
You have power-ups collecting. One of the power-ups is a head.
Um, you actually can put on this head and then throw it which in the original version it was a hat.
Um, he has a face in the middle of his torso. I kind of have wondered if Super Meat Boy was based on him.
But he can get this full power-up which will sit on his head, on his shoulders like it's a head. He can be thrown at enemies.
And it's kind of boomerang-like. It'll come back. He'll get different potions and different, you know, power-ups and even invincibility and eliminate all enemies on the screen and speed boosts. All kinds of stuff.
So as far as the changes from Magical Hat, um, a few different things. So in Magical Hat, if you get hit once it's an instant death.
But in Decap Attack, you get three lives, uh, sorry, three hearts per life that you can lose and regain.
And you can also go up to five for a total of ten hits. Um, you also have flag poles that will restore your health.
But in Magical Hat they actually increased your lives. There was even a comic strip based off of this. This is in the UK, Phonics of Comics.
Um, and it was just, you know, more of weird absurd humor from the game. So it was apparently pretty popular. But that was the game. It's Decap Attack.
You know, and I think it's important to point out, because when you first messaged me that this was the game you were going to pick, I was like, oh gosh, is that some like ultra-violent thing?
And obviously, as the people on Twitch that are watching us live can see, it's very much not that. Because it's, you know, 1991. It's limited by graphics.
And I would say it's, it's actually, I recognized the game once I saw it. Like I just didn't like, oh yeah, it's this game.
But, um, it's more like a, for those on the podcast that can't see it, it's more like a macabre type of like, Addams Family maybe one step beyond that.
But it isn't like gross, even though it has a name called Decap Attack. It's just from that very, yeah.
Well, honestly, the comic really did expand on the story. It's pretty funny, because like Professor Frank Ensign faked his German accent. He's really a former choirboy from Kargath.
So she's actually Welsh. But, you know, I have read the comic for a little bit, it was actually pretty funny, but the whole game is absurd and absolutely hilarious.
Yeah, it's just, it comes from this really weird, absurdist era of SEGA when they made these really strange games like ToeJam and Earl and, you know, Decap Attack.
And like Genesis was the system for those things. So what I didn't realize was that this was based on something that kind of already existed in Japan.
I mean, this is essentially like, in a way, it's SEGA doing Super Mario Brothers 2. They took an established game and kind of like remade it for what they thought might be more better received in the US and Europe. It's interesting.
Yeah, but it's based off of, you know, it's Vic Tokai, so you can always reuse your own ideas and everything.
Yeah.
So, but the games it was based off of, I mean, Kid Cool was, I mean, did you ever play Kid Cool?
I recognize the name. I want to say I did play it, and I don't remember it being very particularly good, but I might be mixing it up with something else.
Well, they were all like in the same family as Vic Tokai games, you know, just the kind of playability platforming stuff. But I really thought that, you know, Magical Hat slash Decap Attack were very unique, just a type of game where you pick up your power-ups in unique ways. And of course, Decap Attack was pretty hilarious.
See, I thought at first it might be because, like, in the theme of what most people around the country are obsessed with today, I thought this might be like that sports game where the players kill each other. I thought that might be where we're going, but no, it's not that.
Well, I mean, Vic Tokai actually did kind of a whole interesting series of games anyway. I mean, they did Bump and Jump, remember that?
Oh, yeah, Bump and Jump was cool. That was a Commodore 64 game, too.
They did Column 3. They did Daedal and Opus.
Oh, that was that puzzle game on Game Boy, right?
Uh-huh. They did Dark Seed. They did Golgo 13 Top Secret Adventure. They actually did a few of the Golgo 13 games.
Oh, I remember. Golgo 13 was, like, heavily featured in early Nintendo Power episodes, or episodes, magazines. That was, like, how I first heard about it.
They did the Mafet conspiracy, another Golgo 13 game. I'm just trying to think of other ones. They did Shinobi Legion.
Mm.
And, uh, Whiff Rush and Top Gear 2. So, they've, you know, really, they've got kind of a staple in just that kind of unique video game era.
Well, I'm all for unique video games and stuff that's a little bit outside the norm. So, with that, there it is, your classic game of the week, Decap Attack.
And it's not, like, actually decapitating people. Just cartoons.
Because he doesn't really have his own head to begin with.
Yes, exactly. Anyway, so, quickly, before we get back to the show, anything else going on with you and your gaming life, Dark Sakura?
We have beaten Resident Evil 2. I started with Claire, but because I have, you know, rich problem fans that go over the game for me because those are really hurting me to play.
Sure.
So, it's kind of like when we were first married. I used to be his navigator. Oh, not first marriage, but first together. I was his navigator through Resident Evil 2.
So, I kind of re-used that role and it's been a really good time playing together. Of course, I had to leave the room when we started screaming during the fourth survivor.
So, we're probably going to start the Leon game A and the Claire game B. It was just pretty fun.
So, you're a backseat driver even when you're video gaming?
Pretty much. But this time I can actually go out and get my own damn coffee.
I love it. Alright, we're going to head back to the, me, we're going to throw it back to myself, me, live in the studio, but any parting words for our listeners tonight, Dark Sakura?
I really fucking love curry rice.
Me too. Alright, there it is, your classic game of the week. Yeah, definitely. And some folks in chat are noticing like there's kind of some questionable stuff in that game.
Definitely a product of a very different era in many different ways. And yeah, but still, I mean, as far as the point of games that they don't make like crazy things like that anymore.
I guess we really have to kind of look to the indie community to be doing a lot of stuff like that.
If I'm not mistaken there, I brought up ToeJam and Earl is like another like weird Sega thing. Like I think that is getting a reboot really soon. I want it in a couple of weeks.
Oh, is that soon? Yeah. Oh, how, how timely. There you go. Cool. Alright, well, let's move on back into some gaming news for the week and talk about some rapid fire news and quickly some other things happening out in the gaming world.
So it's another month, so let's talk about the free games you'll get for paying for online. So free if you pay. Free if you pay. It's bonus stuff. So games of gold for February.
The lineup is on Xbox One, Bloodsink, Curse of the Moon for February 1st through the 20th and Super Bomberman are from the 16th to March 15th.
And that's the one that was on Switch too, right? And then they kind of, yeah, that's some good picks.
And then on Xbox 360, which is backwards compatible with Xbox One or vice versa, I should say.
That is going to be Assassin's Creed Rogue from the 1st through the 15th and from the 16th through the 28th, Star Wars Jedi Knight, Jedi Academy.
And that's an original Xbox game. So, you know, pretty cool. And those are going to be for February.
And then, of course, on the PlayStation side of the house, we have Hitman on PlayStation 4 for Honor on PlayStation 4.
Divekick, which is going to be a cross by with the Vita version on PlayStation 3.
Metal Gear Solid 4, Guns of the Patriots on PlayStation 3.
And then PlayStation Vita games, which are also cross by with PlayStation 4, Gunhouse and Rogue Aces.
This month is a little bit different in the fact that they're going to offer the PlayStation 3 and Vita games a little bit longer until March 8th.
The reason for that is this is the last month you're getting PlayStation 3 and PlayStation Vita games.
So that'd be it. They're kind of going out on a bang there with Metal Gear Solid 4 was kind of one of them.
That's definitely a pretty big game. Yes. So that's it. And then it's just going to be strictly PlayStation 4 games going forward.
Too bad it's not more PlayStation 4 games, but you never know. You never know.
Now, they haven't said it would be the same or less. Maybe I think they did say it was supposed to be like two.
Oh, maybe I don't know that because it's like it's well right now the way it is right now, you've got two Vita games that are also on PlayStation 4.
So you're really getting four PlayStation 4 games. So but I want to continue getting four PlayStation games that I'll never play there.
There is a very rich library that they could tap into to maybe give some extras, but we'll see whatever, you know, whatever.
Fine. So that is they've been picking up and have been good selections. It's not like they're giving us complete garbage.
Yeah, it's a little dated, but it's a lot of like, you know, you probably should have tried this if you missed this the first time.
An additional perk also for PlayStation Plus members is that they're upping the cloud storage from 10 gigabytes to 100 gigabytes starting this month.
That's a lot of gigabytes per saves. Yeah, I could save data doesn't take up that much.
So I don't even know how I'd use a whole gigabyte unless you can use other things like I don't know if you saw videos and stuff through cloud storage.
I wonder if your share stuff can go to the cloud. I don't know. But that's I couldn't see 100 gigabytes and saves is cheesy.
You'd have to like I can't fathom that you'd have that many saves unless, you know, something weird.
This is definitely unique and unexpected, but there is a new PlayStation VR game coming out pretty soon and it is a sequel to Groundhog's Day.
So Groundhog Day, like father, like son, is going to be a game where you play this.
Phil Connors Junior, the son of the character that Bill Murray played in the film.
And you're going through your own Groundhog's Day type thing.
And so it's just it's interesting. Definitely something I want to check out.
Yeah, like it's an it's an endorsed sequel. Yeah, Sony.
Sony do it. So. Oh, did they make the movie? I don't know if they made the movie, but it is.
This is absolutely endorsed by them. It says the game is going to contain multiple ranching narratives.
They said they have writers that James Siliano, who did who's of Rick and Morty fame and Josh Rubin, who worked at Telltale.
They're involved in creating the story. So. Interesting. It looks very, very interesting.
So I definitely want to check it out because I love me some Groundhog's Day. Yeah.
A lot of people love that movie. Yeah. So that's that's kind of unique. I like that.
All right. A nice a nice follow up there, I suppose. All right. Yeah. OK.
Anyway, moving on to some other news. Of course, a piranha plant came out for Super Smash Brothers, which is on the switch, which has a lot of people excited.
But apparently there are some bugs. So be careful.
Apparently, if you use Piranha Plant in all star mode, it can lead to corrupted save data.
So don't even test that until you hear that it has been fixed because it will bork your game.
Meaning like you have to reinstall the entire thing. That's a pretty big mistake. Whoops. Whoops. Yeah.
So anyway, don't use Piranha Plant in all star mode until you hear it's been fixed, which by the time you hear this may be the case.
I don't think doing that yet. I haven't heard of it tonight that it's better, but it is the weekend.
So but I imagine this will be one of those things. It gets pushed pretty quickly.
So we have a look out for that. I'm actually kind of keeping an eye on the chat to see if somebody might follow up on that.
But I don't believe that has been patched yet. So. All right. Anyhow.
J.D. in chat says this one guy remade a rhythm heaven stage using Piranha Plant.
It's amazing. That's cool. I like that.
Dark Tetsuya in our Twitch chat reporting that as far as I know, this has not been patched out yet.
So probably something Nintendo is working crazy busy on to fix there. Anyway.
Speaking of Nintendo stuff, something that's a little a little more festive, I suppose, Splatfest.
We haven't talked about Splatfest in a while because usually the this versus that hasn't really caught my attention.
But this one did. So for the next Splatfest, which I believe is next weekend.
So starting February 9th or it's on Saturday, this is one day.
The question being posed, pancakes versus waffles. It's waffle.
It's totally waffles. I'm sorry. Yeah. Now, team waffles.
I did notice, though, they had like I was reading the comments thread on that thing
and they were talking about like there was there's a there's a show and I was completely unaware of the show called Review on Comedy Central.
And they have like questions. Would you review, please? Eating 15 pancakes.
And so they had the guy, the host of the show, he goes and eats 15 pancakes and like suffers through that and reviews it at the end.
It's goddamn hilarious. I'm like, why am I not aware of this show? Do they have toaster pancakes?
No, there's a reason for that. That's all I have to say, because they'll burn.
But those apple cinnamon or the strawberry. Oh, those are like those are like the best snack for when you're like frickin hungry as heck.
So anyway, oink oink. But anyway, yes, I'm definitely team waffle and waffle has the purple color.
That's kind of pretty, too. So but here's I'm I actually I'm not being a pancake hater because I'll fucking eat pancakes.
Then you have the abomination wrong that my parents this isn't this isn't like the ketchup and mayonnaise thing.
OK, that was a much different, serious issue.
This is this is I'd be OK if then there's the abomination that my parents would make, which is using pancake batter in a waffle iron.
And it makes floppy ass waffles that are of pancake consistency, but are shaped like a waffle.
They're slightly better than pancakes. JD in chat says, OK, but you can't make waffles at home without special equipment.
Well, considering you can get one with Hello Kitty branding, everybody should own that special piece of equipment.
Let's see, dark to see. It says, well, Rob, they don't have Stroop pancakes.
Winning comment of the week. They do. They do not have Stroop pancakes.
See it. Tiberi points out they do have toaster pancakes. Really? That's the thing.
Maybe it's I've never seen. I don't know. They have like toaster eggs, too.
Like I've seen something, but I wouldn't I wouldn't try that or no toaster bacon or something like that.
It was something ridiculous. Like I'm never doing that because that sounds like a fire hazard or a mess.
JD in chat says not everyone has room in a kitchen for fun gadgets. I live in a small apartment.
You know what? For JD's birthday, I swear I'm going to get him a Hello Kitty waffle maker.
They have all sorts of waffle makers. I went to GameStop today because GameStop, the home of apparently waffle makers.
Now they have a Millennium Falcon waffle maker and they also have a Pokeball waffle maker.
So get your waffle makers at GameStop, I guess.
OK, I'm I'm being linked to Target by Sia Tiberi.
Apparently Kellogg frozen buttermilk pink. I had no idea that was the thing.
I had no idea. All right. Anyway, look, this is not pancake lounge radio or waffle lounge radio regretfully, maybe next week.
But it is Orange Lounge Radio where we talk about video games. So let's move on to our next story.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I'm going to stop you right here.
Yes, they may be Eggo waffles or Eggo brand. But guess what? I buy this shit.
You can only make in the microwave so you can shove it. You cannot put that in the toaster.
It may be Eggo brand, but is only microwaveable. I know that for a fact because I have purchased those.
I love that Loki finally gets passionate about something on Twitch and it's about fucking pancakes.
It's not about pancakes, it's about waffles. Sorry. Excuse me. All right. You cannot put those in.
Because if you put that in in like. Yeah, it just won't work. OK. This is not a breakfast show.
The next topic release dates. All right. So we've got a few things coming out of this week.
A Trinian Odyssey Nexus on 3DS. We have right civil unrest on the switch.
The Book of Unwritten Tales two on the switch. The rally four on the switch.
Blaze blue central fiction on the switch. God Eater three on PC and PlayStation four.
Monster Energy Supercross the official video game two. That's going to be coming out on PC,
Switch, PlayStation 4 and Xbox one. And that's it. OK.
Moving over to Japan on February the 7th on PlayStation 4.
We have Ark of Alchemist in a regular and limited edition over kills.
The Walking Dead comes out there in Japan on PlayStation 4. Is that is that's a really bad shooter.
Which one is what is overkill is walking dead. I don't recognize that one.
I think that's the it's a first person shooter. It's not the it's not the terrible shoe.
Nothing new. Not the terrible Activision wants a new one overkill. I want to say they're the ones that do.
It's five or five cases. Part of them. I think Pete I think overkill does payday payday series.
I remember correctly. This must have come out. Maybe I'm wrong already.
I don't see Japan getting a game based on the U.S. TV show. No I think it came out of her.
No I don't. I don't really watch the show. So I must have missed it. Sorry I just I was.
It's interesting because we had tell tales. Walking Dead obviously was an infamous series.
But anyway also coming out in Japan this week. Hey last week show we brought up farming simulator.
So the latest and greatest farming simulator 19 out on the PlayStation 4 this week.
The unravel Yarny bundle that would be a retail release of unravel is out as well this week.
All that to look forward to. I think that doesn't that come with an actual physical Yarny as well because I want to say it's really cheap.
I'd be surprised if it did easily. Yeah. No it's just unravel and unravel to go.
I got it. This is the Japanese release. So there may be a different thing.
I mean it's like a preorder bonus thing or so perhaps.
And then over on this that might also just be a price reduction too because that's really cheap for both those games.
Yes only. Yeah. So it was about the equivalent of 20 bucks in the US.
Anyway going over to the Nintendo switch we have blaze blue central fiction the special edition.
And that's really the only big release that I see in Japan this week for the switch.
So moving on over to Europe usually dark soccer would do those.
But while she's been away our favorite fan of waffles is helping out.
Yes. We have Petrina and Odyssey nexus on 3D Yes.
The book of unwritten tales 2 on the switch blaze blues central fiction on the switch.
God Eater 3 on PlayStation 4 monster energy Supercross 2 on PlayStation 4 Xbox 1 switch and PC right civil unrest on PlayStation 4 and the switch.
And that's it. That would be it.
OK. We're going to make our way to the mail bag and read the e-mails that came in this week.
Although I'm trying to check and see if we got any e-mails this week because I'm not sure.
No this one would be OK. This is from this week and the 24th.
OK. So we have one e-mail from this week to read.
Again if you want to e-mail us you always can participate at orange lounge radio dot com is the place to send those e-mails.
We have one e-mail this week from Frodo's wagons who's been kind of an e-mail VIP lately.
And the questions are always short and sweet. So these are the e-mails that are easy to read.
Now I love the long ones too. But you know Frodo's wagons. Hey L.R. Frodo's wagons here.
So I've heard a lot of hype about the new Kingdom Hearts game. I have to admit I have never played any of the games.
That being said I don't really know a lot about them. Can you explain what the games are all about.
No no no we cannot. I kind of need something new to play.
And I'm hoping this may potentially interest me. OK. Here's the thing.
This is what it is. As much as everybody's laughing at the question I'm sure because the reason why everybody laughs at the question Frodo's wagons is because Kingdom Hearts has a notoriously complicated story.
Considering that it's Disney stuff which usually is aimed at kids right.
Even though certainly tons of adults love Disney right. Like hello. It's not the Disney part of it that's weird.
It's the square right. Enix part that's weird. You're talking about like people that exist in multiple realities.
And you know it's just like all that time travel all that type of stuff is involved in it gets very like convoluted basically.
And when I say I mean like the games kind of hop back and forth in time. Sometimes you don't always realize it.
But anyway my point is is that at the end of the day here's the thing and I kind of which kind of talked about this at the beginning of the show when it comes to Kingdom Hearts 3.
They do have about 15 minutes worth of videos embedded in the game that will catch you up enough.
So that you can understand enough of what's going on at the end of the day.
And I open this up to chatters if you want to you know correct me on this what draws you to the Kingdom Hearts series chat room.
But I think for a lot of people it's just the fact that it's Disney.
But it's not like a cutesy kid Disney game because Square Enix puts their spin on it.
So it's like a Final Fantasy but not the battles aren't really Final Fantasy it's more action based.
So it's almost like Zelda meets Final Fantasy like Zelda swings the sword.
It's like that to action.
What about like Final Fantasy 15 I was going to say.
And there's there's a reason why 15 feels like a Kingdom Hearts game is because the guy that was doing Kingdom Hearts was doing it.
So anyway it's more action based.
So it's not like a turn based thing but you know you're mashing X and doing all these different combos and stuff.
But if you like those sorts of games because you're gaining levels you're learning spells you're crafting a lot of those RPG tropes are present.
And it's mixed with these Disney worlds that are based on movies many people have seen.
Maybe you haven't seen them all I haven't but many people have a familiarity.
Even if I haven't seen Frozen I know what it's about.
You know and Toy Story and Pirates of the Caribbean and all these worlds that they kind of explore in the games are based on things that you know you have a general pop culture knowledge about so it's kind of neat to see these stories play out from a different perspective.
And I think that's what kind of like draws people to Kingdom Hearts is it's like it's always been a very beautiful graphically series and that you get to basically be in these movies that a lot of us grew up on as kids and continue to experience as adults.
Going to chat I wanted to see what the chatters thought here.
Questbuster says the story is indescribable but the gameplay is easier to get into.
Sia Tabiri says think Fringe meets Disney meets Square RPGs.
DGRama S says I got Kingdom Hearts 1 for 20 bucks at Target that's what got me into it.
And you know if you don't want to take the $60 plunge on Kingdom Hearts 3 right now you could probably take a $20 plunge and get that Kingdom Hearts HD remix for you know the 1.0 that has like three early games kind of all in it.
Like I you know that might be a good way to kind of get your feet wet on that without having to pay 60 bucks or in this day and age streaming I mean so many people on Twitch are streaming Kingdom Hearts 3 because it's all the rage right now.
And it's so interesting to me did you notice well you haven't fired up the game yet but chatters did you notice when you bring up the game the first time it's so surreal like for one it's like I'm looking at a Kingdom Hearts 3 title screen I never see the thought I'd see the day.
But in the corner in the upper right hand corner special note for streamers or no it says something else this is like things to know before you stream or so you want to stream and it's like you hit that button and it's so weird to see that like right on the title screen like this game is very aware
that lots of people are going to be streaming it so they put their little like you know use license basically for streaming and you know square has this kind of weird rule and they're streaming it's not weird I get why they do it.
Because Square Enix sells so many soundtracks and does things on Spotify you are not supposed to the license forbid you from streaming just to sit there and listen to the soundtrack.
Yeah, because they want you to go to Spotify or iTunes or one of those, you know places where they get coined from it because Square Enix does a lot with those soundtracks, so very interesting.
Um, let me get a few more comments here on Kingdom Hearts we're getting some good answers to this email tonight Frodo swagons will have a lot to work with here.
Quest Buster says what drew me into it was it's an action RPG with Disney worlds didn't know about the attraction attacks at first but they're amazing and just made it more fun.
That night just wanted an action RPG to play only Sonic says the costumes really still stood out and I was a good age in middle school.
JD says I have a PlayStation two copy of Kingdom Hearts one I don't need that I'll send to whoever oh that's really sweet. You still have, hopefully, all your PlayStation two still work because some of them don't work anymore.
Yeah, like mine. Mine doesn't work.
Well, my, my disk drive doesn't work, SSG 100 Matt says I need to replay one and two again before I can play three last I played two I was in college when it came out, I feel so disconnected because how long it's been that they need to replay it again.
Honestly, truly, you don't need to play one and two again, three, they know that they haven't put out a game in 14 years, so they're not doing these deep cuts that are going to go over your head because at the end of the day.
The story is not going to suddenly make sense if you go back and play one and two but I completely respect a game player that wants to go back and experience that is, I get it, I've been there, you know, but don't feel that you have to do it to like understand
Kingdom Hearts three, they know it's going to be a long time for some people, and the whole Xbox thing that got products first time any Kingdom Hearts games been on Xbox so they had to, you know, compensate for that a little bit.
So, great comments. Great, great comments you guys in our chat room and great email. That was our only email tonight but you can always send us more emails participate at orange lounge radio.com is the place to send us your emails, and we'll read some of them on the next show but for now, that was the only email that we got tonight so we will go on to our next story which is Loki's
Yeah, let's talk more about EA so we remember EA, they got into trouble in Belgium with their loot boxes, because basically it constitutes gambling and Belgium was the country that really put their foot down.
Some of the other companies did comply, like I want to say I think Valve did with their Steam stuff, also Overwatch I want to say they had taken the loot boxes out of there, but EA and FIFA said fuck you guys we're going to do whatever the fuck we want and we're not going to comply with your stupid laws.
And so now they said, well okay now we're actually going to comply with your laws so starting on the 31st of January, they have stopped selling FIFA points for in Belgium, it's more like they're just doing the whole like we're just gonna take it away we're taking it away from you.
So if you're Belgian too bad so sad your country says we can't do this here. Yeah, interesting approach.
So basically they have taken those points away so you can't purchase them anymore, and they apologize to players of the country for any inconvenience caused by this change.
But it's your laws, and we're mad about it.
And I think, were they, did they tell them like to contact their government officials or something like that about either, I don't remember if they...
I'm sure they've subtly put that message before. Maybe they said that before but like...
Not in this most recent announcement I'm sure. I think they just kind of want to get past it and like I hate to say it and this is going to sound really really horrible and I'm sorry I know we have listeners in Belgium so I'm very sorry I missed, we haven't heard from Martin from Belgium in a long time and I know we had other emailers there too.
But you know, EA probably just looked at it and went, you know what, it's just one country out of how many countries that we do business in, we can just write off the loss.
Which is, write a whole country, you're just gonna write, but that's like the reality is that's probably what EA did.
Right, and I'm sure that maybe they're losing more money just with the fines and everything but still though it's just, I don't know.
I know. Anyhow, let's move on and talk about some news concerning Twitch. Let's talk about a Twitch controversy on our Twitch stream.
Alright, Twitch drama.
Well, sorta. So, well Twitch actually went and they responded to some backlash they were getting about some ads.
So do you ever see like the pre-roll ads that show up? I mean if you are watching this you probably saw an ad that played before this, I don't know for what.
But some of the ads that they were playing recently were for like a New Year's stream, cause this is kinda back in December.
That Ninja, whose real name is Tyler Blevins, I never knew that was his real name but it's in the story.
So Ninja was gonna be hosting this and I did, I do remember seeing that ad come up on Twitch as it was like, it's a New Year's Eve event and it was like a live.
Yeah, I remember the, I saw the clips.
Yeah.
Hey everybody, let's floss! And everyone's like fuck you now.
And there was another one I saw from Pokey, or I didn't see this one but there was another one that other people saw.
Pokey Main, which showed up, I'm sorry if I'm butchering the name.
No, that's right.
Yeah, but these clips showed up and what people, why people complained about it is they were basically saying that why are you promoting these streamers who don't need promotion?
Like shouldn't Twitch be really trying to welcome the up and comers of the community and that whole thing?
And so Twitch, surprisingly, because I would have thought there could have been a part of Twitch that said, well if you pay for an ad you get to show whatever ads you want.
I thought it was in the pre-roll, I thought it was this, I thought it was like banner ads appearing at the bottom, like you know, like they could execute like,
Probably, well that was
Cause I wanna say like, I think it was Dr. Disrespect or something that like
So I usually watch on my Xbox, so you don't have banner ads on Xbox, you just have the pre-roll stuff.
Right?
Yeah.
So I, if there was a banner ad, I didn't see it, but that makes sense.
I wanted to
There are banner ads.
Cause I thought the, one of the people that were complaining about it was Dr. Disrespect because he like, he could, you could trigger when you're like, I guess, um, I don't know, like a partner or something, you can trigger ads to appear in your, um, stream as well.
And so like something that's coming across the bottom, he's like, what the fuck is this shit? Why are you telling them to watch, you know, Ninja on my fucking stream?
You know, what the fuck Twitch, you know, cause he's like a big name over there. And so,
Right. He kind of doesn't need the help, but there's also that part where you kind of go, but if you're, if you pay for an ad, you get, but, but I don't think these were like in-house things cause it's like basically a different Twitch stream. Right?
I thought he was one that's complaining about it. I thought that I saw like a comment in the story, like back when this was first happening that, um, he had like basically said, what the fuck you guys, but
JD says, uh, Twitch served me an ad at the beginning here when I was trying to tune in. I was late to see the show because of it. I'm sorry. We do try to leave. Like, that's why we have the little, um, smush thing that shows up at the very beginning with like, and even when Bobby's live, we still have smush up for about a minute so that people have time to connect and get through all those things before we start the show.
But, you know, sometimes the timing doesn't work out, but I do want to point out, I'm just, I'm just going to say it, that if you use a subscription on VoG network, such as the one you get with Twitch Prime, or with Amazon Prime anyway, use your free month on the, you won't get those ads.
So I'm just putting it out there. I had to say it. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You left the door wide open for a cheap plug there. Uh, let's see.
Oh, DJ Rama S points out that if you use the Twitch app that's on Windows 10, they don't have ads. Really? I didn't know that. I knew Twitch had an app because Twitch took over Curse.
And believe it or not, the Twitch app is how I manage my World of Warcraft add-ons because that was Curse's big bread and butter was managing add-ons.
So I use my Twitch app to manage those. It's kind of weird. But Twitch app is also, when you get these free games on Twitch, that's what, you know, you get them through is their app because they have their own thing.
Anyway, let's see. So anyway, I do want to, to be fair, I want to read Twitch's response because they did, you know, they sent out a tweet that said your feedback helps ensure that we operate in a way that works for the entire community.
And they did call out. There have been two instances of advertisements on Twitch, which we believe to help spotlight exciting events taking place on site with some of our creators.
We recognize those good intentions cause concern across our broader Twitch creators that these advertisements may drive their audiences elsewhere and that we had unintentionally created a potentially negative impact with our efforts.
We always want you to hold us accountable and we're glad you're here.
We remove the most recent ad early Friday and we'll avoid running advertisements in the future for onsite events or creators that potentially drive your viewers to other Twitch channels.
But here's the thing. And like, and I, I'm not criticizing Twitch about this at all. Aren't you still going to run ads for TwitchCon? Right?
Cause you want people to go to TwitchCon.
But I don't think that's necessarily like for any specific person, it's just an event.
I guess that's true.
So I think that's a little less, you know.
I'm not saying like, obviously I totally get the whole, the rich are only getting richer perspective. Like, and don't take that literally, but it's, it's kind of like the metaphor there that, you know, these guys like Ninja and stuff, you know, they're on the Ellen show and stuff.
Like, do they really need an advertisement on a smaller channel like this that, you know, here growing at VOG network, we're like desperate to get more eyes here and more people on our show and all this stuff.
So, you know, why would you entice people to go away from that? Like, I, I get, so it's just like, I kind of, I see kind of both sides of it. I really do.
But I do think Twitch made the right call in the end to, you know what, we really shouldn't air this like directly competing stuff.
But I think you do present a good perspective is that when it comes to something like TwitchCon, that's not aimed at any one specific creator. That's kind of like an event type of thing.
Yeah. So it's not like Ninja presents TwitchCon or something like that.
Right. Right. So anyway, by the way, if you do opt to watch ads on Twitch, you might be rewarded with some nominal biddies.
And, um, if you want to tip us some biddies here at VOG network, it does go back into the cost of running a network because we're like an official business or like legal things and stuff now.
And all those people got to be paid. So, uh, anyway, all my cheap plugs are done. I had to, I'm sorry. It's the one, the one time I do it.
But you don't have to, you don't have to give us one damn dime. We'll still do this show for you as we always have until, until we, until we run out of steam, which considering it's been going for 16 and a half years.
I don't know. It's gonna, it's probably still going to be some time. Anyway, let's move on and talk about, uh, you know, Twitch made a little booboo this week or this past month, I guess Ubisoft made a little booboo too, right?
Yes. Um, so Ubisoft made a little bit of an oopsie. Um, basically they put out a promotional email, um, advertising the Tom Clancy's, the division two, um, which it was timed improperly with the fact that, you know, there was this whole government shutdown in the United States or there was a government shutdown.
Um, and during that time they sent out an email with the subject line, come see what a real government shutdown looks like in the private beta.
Probably not the best new timing for that. A followup email was sent out later on saying, hello, a marketing email promoting Tom Clancy's, the division two has sent out an error today.
This was a grave breakdown in process and we apologize for this error in its offensive subject line of the email. We recognize that a real, very real impact of the United States government shut down on thousands of people and did not intend to make light of the situation.
Sign the Ubisoft team.
Whoops. Oops. Yeah, that was, they probably, you know, and to be fair, they probably have this whole promotional campaign that's outlined months in advance.
They probably didn't go out there and they just didn't, the timing didn't kind of was, was not in their favor. So, um, yeah. Oops. You always got to recheck that stuff before they actually do go out.
I think that's a hard lesson learned there. Don't cut corners and that kind of stuff because obviously that shutdown really impacted some people, people that would be trying to spend their money on video games if they were getting paychecks.
And so you don't need to remind them that there's this very unfortunate situation going on. Put it lightly in the country. Thankfully, that's all resolved now for now, but it's still something that they probably could have worded that a little bit better.
Maybe a little bit. Yeah, maybe a little bit, but these things are going to happen in games and promote. I mean, sometimes movie campaigns do bad things too. And sometimes ad campaigns do really crazy.
I remember there was a PlayStation ad that wasn't really like gross taste some time ago and you know, this is where there was a, was it back when they had, um, there was some zombie game where they offered a bikini clad torso.
Oh, that was weird. Yeah, you're right. You know, and it's a slippery slope, metal mayhem in our chat says too long. Didn't read. We made a dumb ass joke and we got called out. Sorry. Yeah, pretty much they did.
So anyway, uh, moving on, uh, this is pretty exciting. Something I would, uh, like to attend as much as y'all think I like hate this series. I really don't. I think the music is beautiful and I think the series is good.
Uh, it's a chrono cross anniversary. I don't know why. I'm sorry. The header is incorrect on Twitch. It should say chrono cross. Sorry about that. But anyway, uh, November 18th is the 20th anniversary of chrono cross.
And to celebrate this, uh, there's going to be a live concert tour, uh, that's going to kick off in November and it's unfortunately the tour is Japan only. So it's Tokyo, Osaka, Aichi.
So, um, yeah, sorry. Uh, not going to be coming to the U S at least not yet, but you know what? Dear friends, that final fantasy concert started as Japanese only thing. It was that what, like two, two 2002 or something event.
Maybe just like combine the two together and it's like some square, square index music. There's, there's all sorts of that orchestra stuff these days. But anyway, the full title of a, what is going to be put on is the chrono cross 20th anniversary live tour 2019 radical dreamers.
So that's a, that sounds like that'll be pretty cool. I think. So a nice way to celebrate that series and let's not forget like chrono cross is the series that brought us that song scar of time. I wish I had that queued up on B roll. Sorry guys.
I don't have a queued up to play, but um, if you don't know that song, go look it up. Scar of time from chrono cross. It's a beautiful, like I would pay the money just to hear that song. It's, it's that fucking gorgeous.
So anyway, um, that'd be really cool. And hopefully it'll do well enough where it will come to America. And again, I apologize for the typo there on the Twitch sidebar. I must've been working fast and I was putting in the headlines. I was like chrono trigger.
So there you go. And sadly with Bobby off tonight, usually he'll fix my mistakes as we go. And I don't have that safety net tonight. So sorry about that. No biggie though. Those of you on the podcast didn't see it. All right.
Uh, going to chat for some comments, uh, as 200, Matt says, chrono trigger cross. It's all good. Yeah. Right. Um, Akuma JP says I love cross. Yeah. A lot of people really do. Uh, JD says it's really interesting to me that it's a Japan only tour, but they announced it in English.
Cause you know, they're going to sell a soundtrack. They're gonna sell soundtrack or to be on Spotify, or maybe, maybe they will do a LA E3 event or something. Who knows? Who knows? Anything's possible, I guess.
Um, and dark Tootsie says, worst comes to worst. Maybe Tommy Tallarico could add something to video games live. I'm almost positive. Scars of time was in his, um, repertoire as it was. I'm all pot. That song had to be, I know the kingdom hearts.
Anthem like from the early game was in because that was at the one I went to and I was very verklempt cause they actually put it to the Disney music. And I believe when, when Tommy was on this show or one of the shows she's on, he's, you know, obviously a big talking guy and he's great.
Uh, he kind of talked about how Disney wasn't really into the idea until he like showed it to them. And then they were like, yep, signed basically. I'm paraphrasing obviously and cutting a lot of corners.
I'm sure there's a YouTube out there somewhere where he probably talks about it, but like Disney wasn't onto the whole like orchestral music thing. And, or it was always, Oh, it wasn't that it was because they were going to use Disney footage because they don't actually show footage from the game.
They show footage from Disney movies. So they had to get the rights to that. Cause you're basically, you know, charging people, you know, all that stuff. And so at first they were like, kind of, we don't get it. But then when he like showed it to them.
Easy peasy. And so, you know, all those years ago, which by the way, if you didn't already know, I think, I think I mentioned on the show before video games live was when I met Alan for the very first time in person.
How nerdy is that? Right. We knew each other on live journal dating myself before that, but video games live was when we first met each other in person, we were introduced by captain spike.
Um, so, um, we, I saw that live in person. It was fantastic. It was beautiful. Maybe very of a cleft may, may have cried a manly tear or two. All right. Anyhow, uh, as you on her map points out, scars of time is in the concert. At least it wasn't, I went a few years ago.
Yeah. Obviously they're always adding and deleting stuff cause there's, you know, tons of games, but I know that has at one point been in the repertoire. So, okay. Uh, moving on, let's talk about just a couple more stories for you guys tonight.
And uh, this one, uh, is an interesting one, right? Loki. Yes it is. So there's a brand new console ready to hit the market. You might say it's the breast console out there.
So it's a new console called in a taco. Um, and basically it's just an onion article. That's the first thing I want to know is this onion article.
So it's, it's the taco console and the taco is a, a hentai game, um, storefront basically. And they've got a brand new console that shaped like a breast, uh, for 169 99.
And um, of course I just realized this price is 169. Yes, that is correct. They did that on purpose. Are you sure this is not an onion article?
I am sure it's not an onion article. And so they have a Silicon covered, uh, breast where the nipple is the actual power button for the console because of course it is.
And it is, uh, basically like a PC. It's got USB ports, audio jack, external power supply, wireless internet. No, I will not be risking this Twitch channel by showing you footage.
You all got Google and it has a selection of pre-installed free to play and premium adult games loaded onto it. And they had, I think 200, I can't remember how many consoles were available.
It was like only a few hundred consoles and they've already sold out. Uh, the 200. Yeah, it says 200 games are available and I don't remember how many units they sold, but it, it's sold out already on their storefront.
So obviously I'm going to ask this question here on the show because you remember the old, you remember the old Wendy's marketing campaign? Where's the beef from the eighties?
So here's the part where I'm going to ask, where's the Dick? Is this, if this console is successful, is that the, um, well, my question is like, why only one breast? Wouldn't it be a pair? I mean, you'd think that they want you to buy two.
Well, I mean, they do have like, uh, male, um, they do have homosexual like in there. It wasn't a serious question. I really just said that for show. It's, it's, I will really be okay not having that. It's fine, but yay equal opportunity.
But this is the, this is the day and age we are. See, we've gone from sever torso to breast console. Now it's going to be the breast console ever. It's going to outsell it.
Now how, I wonder how a live streamers are going to be able to do a, does that break Twitch rules? I don't feel like finding out. Um, does it break Twitch rules? Yes. It's all hentai games. So I'd imagine you cannot stream those on the internet.
Captain obvious should have known that unless, unless, uh, you know, porn hubs getting into the game streaming, so you will have to play them in the privacy of your own home with the shades pulled.
Uh, speaking of pulling JD and chat says every joystick is a Dick TBH video games are innately gay. Oh, I never realized that I suppose, but they have like a pretty interesting like video of actually showing how they like design.
It's pretty, they, they do this whole like food network unwrapped, like here's the factory and how we're making these. It's, it's, it's very high quality. I mean, let's put it that way, but it's just, it's ridiculous.
Um, I'm expecting to see this on soldier boys marketplace at some point. No, no. So bite your tongue soldier tit or something like that. All right, moving on.
Uh, one more story for you guys tonight, and then we're going to go to discord to take some calls. So if you would like to call into the show tonight, if you are not yet on our discord, you can be over at vog network.com slash discord, and you're going to join the green room.
And that is where you can wait to call into the show. Uh, if you want to improve your chances of getting picked, uh, you might want to tell us in the orange lounge radio channel, what you'd like to call into the show about tonight. We'll be going to those shortly, but first I'm sure some of you were wondering when we would get to this story.
And, uh, yes, it is about, uh, if you thought, if you thought the boob thing was funny, here's another one. It is a video game that is called pecking.
It is a PlayStation one styled fire and it's looks like Tekken obviously, but it's stars birds. Yes, this is from a stories untold developer, no code because, uh, uh, and I guess this has also been called beak fighter to beaks of rage, but they, they've settled on the name pecking.
Um, so there is a little video that's floating around the internet where you can kind of see a little talk, a little prototype of Walter Peck against Jackie bird fighting each other. And, um, yeah, so, uh, I guess they said once work on this, uh, no code game called observation is done.
Peckin would be turned into an actual proper game as long as they got 10,000 retweets. And I think they were up to 7,000, but as of the time of the show, it's up to almost 12,000.
So Peckin sounds like it's going to be a thing. Of course it will take time to develop it just cause there's a prototype out there. Doesn't mean it's done yet. So, uh, this is how we got goat simulator because goat simulator was just like a, this is a fuck around thing that we're doing between games.
And everyone's like, I need that as a game. And then, you know, it became insanely popular. So, uh, dark to see you in chat says, uh, I wish dark soccer had been here for, I know she's all about how to pull boyfriends.
So that is a fighting game maybe. And you may have forgot. She also loves tech and she used to play, I think it was tech and three at the arcade, like a lot back in the day, she was kind of known as that girl who's good at Tekken in her local arcade.
So, um, yeah, so, uh, interesting. Uh, she's not here to give her perspective, but I'm sure she would be a big fan of that news. So, um, as you 100 Matt points out, yeah, this sounds like how goat simulator got started.
Was that also, um, what is the game that's coming to the switch? Everybody's excited about asshole, asshole, some animal, asshole, goat, asshole.
Oh, you're talking about the goose one, uh, no, it's untitled goose game. Oh, would they, cause they changed the name of it. Everybody was calling it asshole goose, right? Yeah, they have that. That's pretty funny.
Yeah. Was that a similar making to, um, thought it was, cause I don't remember that was nonsensical. Crazy. So we have that and they have, there's one that I want to play.
That's um, and I didn't even realize the same guy who did this, but they have a mosh pit simulator, which is a game that's done by the guys. All right.
I should say guy that did McPixel, which I used to love McPixel. It's a really weird game, but, um, apparently he's doing this mosh pit simulator, which is like this VR physics.
Just it's, it's like ghost simulator, but it's just all sorts of weird fucked up shit, but it's something that I really want to play on PlayStation VR because I don't have a VR set for my PC.
Um, but I got to play that game. It's out, out actually now, but it's in early access.
I'm going to the chat for some of the comments, which by the way, we're going to go ahead and open up the discord. Um, nobody's in the green room yet, so it's fine.
I know it's a little bit of a harder week cause a lot of people are out tonight, uh, watching football and stuff, but I will still leave it open to see if anyone wants to get in.
Um, but otherwise I'll keep reading chat comments and then maybe we'll see if we have any last minute stories. Um, but a question from metal mayhem, who's kind of asking about, you know, tech and sorts of things.
Uh, metal mayhem says, speaking of Tekken, I remember hearing that Tekken cross street fighter was announced a while back as a companion game to street fighter cross Tekken.
Whatever happened to that? It was, you're right. It was, it just never happened. There was a couple of screenshots and it just never happened.
And I don't think it was ever canceled, but it's probably one of those things where they've kind of, they would have had to have started over cause they rolled the engine maybe into Tekken seven or something like that.
That's what I'm saying is they kind of made Tekken seven first and then maybe that's going to be the next game. Finally.
I don't know. I don't even think it matters anymore. At this point, they might as well sit on it until PlayStation five or you know, next X box and that whole thing.
It'll just become its own thing. It'd be like street fighter cross Tekken two or something like that.
Oh, SDG 100. Matt kind of echoes what I just said there is that they made it seem like they want to wait for the next gen console, which might not be the worst idea at this point.
I mean, this is gonna be a very interesting E3 this year because Sony is essentially sitting it out and we've kind of heard rumblings and it's certainly, here's my favorite word plausible, um, that Sony simply all of their first party development is working on the new console.
So they quite frankly has nothing to show this year. They're going to carry on third party support for end of life for PlayStation four and then drop PlayStation five on us in 2020.
Again, theories, rumors, forum posts, but it would make sense. You know, those, these next gen more HD or games and they're going to take some time to develop.
So these, you know, first party games have to be being worked on already. So I'm sure Sony is working on something just like Microsoft gobbled up all those studios and you bet each one of them is probably working on something for the next X box slash windows.
So it'll be interesting to see a very exciting E3. Well, this year, I don't, I'm not unless Nintendo really surprises us or Microsoft may decide Microsoft. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah.
Microsoft can kind of do, it's going to be, it's going to be a weird year this year with a gaming news. I'm excited. Yeah. Yeah. Uh, any, uh, last minute stories we want to get to tonight while we wait for calls on our discord.
There's a post here talking about Costco in Canada is clearing out, um, PlayStation classic for 30 bucks. So if you live in Canada and I don't know the Costco membership range rate, but that's gotta be getting down to like 25 us.
So pretty cheap. Uh, yeah. Walmart's in Brooklyn, New York had it for 25 a week ago. Yeah. That was that whole screenshot that was out there. Yeah. The boil boy, PlayStation classic.
I'm looking forward to get down pretty cheap. I've been keeping my eye open cause like for, if it's not like just 25 I'll, I'll bite at that just because, I mean, this might be a very obvious question, but let me ask it anyway.
Where do you think Sony went wrong? What could they have done to not have this console end up in, they cheapen, they cheapened out on it too much. It, they, they cut corners on the hardware that runs it.
So it didn't emulate the games well enough. And they also cut corners on the games that they're emulating on there because the games running in the Powell version.
So they just hurried through all that crap. They just cut a lot of corners and it was just really cheap. It should have been like a better selection of games. They should have had dual shock controllers, not necessarily just the original PlayStation ones.
And I understand, you know, cause it's, you know, the original PlayStation class, you know, had those controls, but no one fucking remembers the original PlayStation controllers.
It's like, if you were ever to do a PlayStation three classic, don't fucking go it's six axis controllers without rumble because, cause that's how the original controllers were.
You gotta just put a good, you know, you're trying to make a good impression and you just cheapen that shit out. And so now you kind of like you, the next console that they try to release, if they even release another one, people are just going to be very skeptical on it.
And you can't tell me like they couldn't have done some better hardware. I mean, shit, PlayStation TVs that were like 30 bucks could easily emulate that shit.
I know. And like just put some storage on there and a new front end run in there.
It's really irritating how that PlayStation TV really should have been like bigger than it was.
And they didn't even develop their own like emulator for, they have their own in-house emulators for that shit. I'm sure like Nintendo developed their own emulators, but they relied on some open source things.
So it's just such, they cheapened out in every possible way with that. And that's what bit them in the ass.
All right. Some of our regulars are in the green room wanting to get on here. So why don't we, why don't we check in real quickly with some of our, some of our regular callers and we'll get to our first caller tonight.
Hello, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Yeah, this is Metal Mayhem. How are you?
Hello. Doing good. How you doing?
Pretty good. Well, this is just going to be a short quick call real quick.
Do you remember what the game that you first played or saw that got you into gaming?
Good question. The first game you played or saw that got you into gaming.
And now keep in mind, we're going to go back. I'm 40 years old, so it's, it's a ways back. But, um, I, as cheesy as it is, I, I, I have early memories of like combat on the Atari 2600.
And because that was the packing game for the Atari 2600. Right.
And I was really fascinated by the concept that like you could control what was happening on the TV.
That too, like as a kid, to me, that was like the part that kind of like blew my mind because usually it's like you watch these cable channels and everything is being, you know, fed to you, whatever, you know, because we did have basic cable in the eighties.
It wasn't as much as it is now, but there was, you know, the basics of CNN and MTV and all that stuff.
So, you know, like a lot of people growing up, I watched things like Nickelodeon and MTV and stuff, and it was like, you know, you just would see that.
But to like, you'd be able to put my hand on this controller and actually now I'm making what's on the TV was, was like kind of what sold me on it.
I don't even remember. It was like, I, I know my dad had purchased like a ColecoVision and stuff and I assume it was during like the whole video game crash because I know that stuff was like dirt cheap.
I remember going to the malls and seeing like dump bins with all that stuff in there, but we have like 47 games, which is funny from like a person that he says he's not in, he wasn't in the gaming.
We had a console, 40 games. I don't see how that's possible that you weren't in the gaming somehow, but I don't know how he got it so cheap or bought all that stuff, but I just remember playing the ColecoVision and that was just kind of, I don't know.
I don't remember the exact moment, but like it was just, I was around games from early age.
And then I remember at five years old, my family got a Commodore 64 because my dad was actually an electronics guy in high school and college.
He ended up working for trains. He was a conductor in freight trains up until he retired. Um, so he never really like use that type of electronics training.
I mean, I guess some of that probably comes into play in his role because again, he was conductor, but for freight, it's a little different than the conductors you think of on trains. Usually like ticket, please take a little different.
Um, but anyway, my point is because he was in electronics, certainly like that was his hobby, which is funny because now look, here's his kid.
I studied radio and TV and broadcast journalism in college and then decided I don't really want to do that, but yet here I am doing my passion project on the side that kind of like what I went to college for is now like this, what you see now.
And not what actually pays my bills, which is kind of funny how that worked out. But my dad was the one that kind of pushed to get a Commodore 64 because he's always kind of been into electronics.
So I remember first seeing it, they, they thought, Oh, let's buy a game that our kiddo likes. So they bought jump man. Junior was the first game I remember seeing on a Commodore 64 and I was just like, mind blown is like, Oh, I can play this thing.
And then, then I was typing in programs and yeah, a nerd is born starring lady Roberts.
Well then I even have like a TI 89, I think. And, um, so I know I got that at an early age too. I mean, I don't know. I don't really like know where my family got a lot of this stuff.
I just got it as a kid. I didn't really ask questions like that or why they even purchase that stuff. You know, cause at the time, like I wasn't really in the, I mean, I wasn't in the computers because I don't think I even saw a computer at that point.
Like it was pre like IBM home PCs and stuff. So I don't know.
Yeah. I feel like most people kind of like younger than us, like games have always been there and like JD who I know is a little younger than I am says, I can't remember what my first game was because I started so young earliest for me.
It was probably commander keen question mark, but like, yeah, I mean like, you know, at a certain age, I know rage nader, you're kind of closer. Oh, sorry. Metal mayhem. You're kind of closer to, um, Loki and I's age.
So like we kind of were right there when consoles were going into living rooms and arcades, like you go to Chuck E Cheese and stuff.
I do. I do have an early memory of being like four or five years old and going to Chuck E Cheese and the game I remember playing is crystal castles with the ball because that, you know, was so much fun to play that game.
And I remember they had little step stools. Yeah. The kids like me could see the screen. I remember trying to play dragons lair and I just couldn't get it.
Oh yeah. Those games were top cause it was like, so like, it's like, wow, it's a cartoon, you know, and it's like, it's fucking hard. I don't plays anymore.
Uh, metal mayhem quickly before I let you go. What was your earliest memory of video gaming? What was the first one for you?
Well, I have three answers to you, uh, to echo what you were saying. Um, uh, the first game that I ever actually saw was combat on the 2,600.
My grandfather was, you know, or my father was showing it off to, uh, my maternal grandfather. I was like, wow, you can actually control stuff on TV rather than, uh, watching TV now.
Very, very similar story. I think a lot of, a lot of us feel that same similar way. Yeah. Gotcha.
Then, uh, well, you know, Chuck E Cheese didn't show up to my area until like, uh, early nineties, but you know, well, we did have in my area was their competitor show up his pizza place.
Oh yeah. Those are like the same thing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Um, you know, I went there when I was like six years old and I saw my, that's when I first saw my first arcade and I fell in love with that place. I did not want to leave.
Uh, and, and, um, very early, I happened to be going with my father to, uh, some, uh, like appliance store, uh, in my area.
And did no longer exist, but, uh, have on display, uh, uh, uh, and the, uh, you know, with, uh, super Mario brawlers and it, you know, it's connected to a big screen TV.
Yeah. Those, those displays in stores, that stuff was real. I always forget about those, but like, yeah, like, um, that used to be a big thing and like malls and stuff is that you'd have like the NES that was set up with like the games you can play for like two minutes before it resets.
So it's the next kid can play. And like, even I seem to remember like drug stores around here, like places like thrifties had, and I could be mixing this up because again, I was very young, but these places had like Atari 2,600.
Types of things too, where you could sample some of the different games, you know, any place that sold, um, games, wanted you to be able to kind of like sample them. There was no downloadable demos or anything like that.
So, yeah. Uh, I think today we were, I mean, some places have those like game stops, of course, all kind of have the latest consoles. We can still check that out, but those used to be much more prolific. I think at different shopping.
Demo kiosks are never working. I know because we visit game, well, we visited GameStop today even, and they have like, it always fascinates me. My kids, they're like, we want to go to this GameStop. I'm like, okay, why do you want to go there? Oh, we want to play in the demo kiosks.
And then they go to the play a demo. He has to play like Super Mario Odyssey. I'm like, dude, you guys have this at home. Okay. You have the full game at home. Why are you playing the fucking demo right now?
It's sometimes about just, well today, uh, Josh is playing Zelda cause we don't have, um, Zelda yet. And so, um, that's fine. But like even their PlayStation kiosk, it was on their PlayStation, Xbox one kiosks were both off. They're always broken.
Um, all right. Well, metal mayhem. Great question. I'm gonna let you go this week. You get one more call. Okay. All right. Have a good show. You too. Take care.
All right. So, um, anyway, before we get back to a, get to the next call, I wanted to throw, this is a very hyper local reference, but I know you'll remember this place. So sorry guys, I'm going to get really local for you Sacramento people out there for a minute.
Do you remember Sam's town? Yes. I missed that place so bad. So there's this little, it was up the road in a town. I was in Cameron park, right? So it's kind of like up the road a little bit. Cause you know, we're, we're about 90 minutes away from Tahoe.
So I would say you go about 30 minutes up. It used to be like a big attraction too. Cause like my mom used to go there on the way to Tahoe and they'd stop and see a lot of Bay area people. That would be like a big stop for them.
Um, as they're making their way up to the, uh, the Hills and it was like this big arcade, but they also had like, you know, I remember they had like a little candy store. It was like a real, I missed that place. I don't know.
Well that and like they had like, was it a pizza restaurant? Yeah. Yeah. I remember going to, yeah. I remember going to Sam's town like at least once to go hang out there and eat pizza and do all that. But no, that was pretty much the only time.
Arcades just aren't what they used to be. It's like a Safeway or something. Yeah. Oh no. That building that had a long gone. Yeah. Depressing. I had to do. I still have it. I might have it still. I'll make you chain to this day.
I think I do. I sure do. Look at this. Maybe I should show us something on the camera for those Sam's town right there. Uh, there's a little, it's one of those little like coins there and I still have it on my key chain to this day.
That's how much I love that place. Let me see if I can show it here for you guys that are watching on Twitch. I don't know how well that's going to come through on the camera, but that's my little, uh, uh, collection there. So little piece of it with me still to this.
And yes, it's that old, but you know, they need to open up like another like family fun center type place like that. Cause we don't really have any, we have like the Scandia and the Roseville golf plan and stuff, but I've always said that they should have, like, I think it would be really successful as like an indoor water park because you know, during the summer, obviously you make your money with the water parks and everything like that, but in indoor water park, you can run that shit in the middle of the winter too.
And so they're building one of those, the chain, the great Wolf Lodge or whatever they're building one in Manteca if they didn't already build it because no Manteca used to be famous for water slides. They're building one of those, but it's like an indoor water park. They're building that there. Yeah. So, and they're, they're, they're driving the Manteca though for that shit, but I know it's fucking far away. Yeah. Right. All right. Anyway, let's move on. Uh, somebody has been waiting in the green room patiently to get on. So let's uh, be sure to talk to him. Hi, you're on orange on radio. Who's this? Hey, hey, it's Ron. Hey Rama. Good to hear from you buddy. What's on your mind tonight?
Not too much. I want to clear up a couple, uh, one quick thing that Loki said about a few minutes ago about the PlayStation classic that was advertised that was being shown around lately for like 35 bucks. Yes, there is no Walmart in Brooklyn.
Sam's club then.
We have three targets and believe you me,
I've been kind of looking waiting for the price for the drop down cause there was no way I was paying retail price for one of those.
Didn't that forum post say it was at a Walmart in Brooklyn? It did, but wow.
Then there was a comment below. It said there is no basement at the Alamo.
Well, it could have been Brooklyn, um, Maryland, but still when you say book, I'm like, wait, did they put a Walmart in my backyard night and I didn't hear about it.
Interesting. All right. Maybe I, and you know, it was, it was one I didn't, cause that topic came up last week and we didn't, I kind of say like, I wonder if that was photoshopped or like someone who's trying to pressure Sony to drop the price on that by posting something like that on Reddit.
So interesting. Anyway, very interesting clarification. Thank you. Uh, anything else you want to talk about tonight though?
Something I want to talk about from my, I think last week or week for last show and one of the articles you discussed be talking about buying digital copies of games and physical copies of games.
Right now, up until I got my Xbox one and PlayStation four, I would not buy a used game. I want it in a nice pristine condition. I want the game disc to be perfect, you know, but now it's like, well, I can either buy it used.
I mean, buy it new for 60 bucks or buy it used for 30. The label and the disc cover is fine. The disc itself is not scratched. Why not? Cause we're getting, I mean, we're at that point where the games are being installed on the hard drive and all you, and it's playing off that.
So basically the disc will stay in a pristine condition unless you find yourself having to uninstall and reinstall the game over and over again. If you have to do it on a console, something might be wrong with your system.
Well, also configure, consider the fact that Blu-ray media has better protection from scratches on there. It's less prone to that because of the, um, basically the way they make them now versus like a CD or DVD, which are very prone to scratching.
So you have, you know, the fact that it's more durable on top of the fact that it also is running off of the actual hard drive and not so much the disc. So, yeah.
Hmm. Well, yeah, I'm just saying, remember that, that, that generation, yes, 360 was DVD, but the PS3 was Blu-ray and you still kind of ran into that issue.
And then when I'm going for booking for used games, I'm like, okay, if they have it for 19, let me see if I can find it for the same price, brand new on Amazon. And nine times out of 10, I did. Now it's like, well, the disc is fine. It ain't scratched.
I've already heard horror stories of people getting scratched Kingdom Hearts 3 games. I'm like, I am so sorry, but you know, it's fine. I'm like, you know what, if it's fine across the board and I get to save 20 bucks, so be it.
You know, what's interesting though, about this whole like digital thing too. Um, cause that, that kind of conversation is kind of reentered a lot of people's minds this week because that news came out about the ultraviolet service is closing.
Yeah. And so people had movies on there. Now, granted you, there is a way you can transfer, I guess, the licenses to one of the other movie services. I don't, I might have like a movie on that service.
Like, I think I don't even know what a resident evil on Blu-ray. And so I have it like there I have, I have about maybe 10 or 15 titles that are ultraviolet. I just give them to my friend. I'm like, look, I had the physical, this is a code for the download. Enjoy.
So that's an interesting way to do it. That works, but yeah, but that's closing. So a lot of people are like, Oh, there's a reminder why you don't do digital. Cause you could lose your whole movie collection just like that.
Although, you know, to be fair again, you know, they're letting them transfer those to other different movie services. Like one of them was, um, um, the movie, uh, movie phone or whatever that thing is not, not the other one, Fandango.
I didn't even know they had like an online movie watching thing, but I guess why not?
They do, but I barely paid any mind to, I mean, I think they actually have a Roku channel as well. So it's like, Oh wow. You know?
Uh, yeah. Roku does have a channel, but they're, their channel is like, they have like streaming marketplaces in Roku, but like they have a Roku channel.
It's just like old ass TV shows. Like they have short circuit and like old TV series that you'd never want to watch. And I don't know that things, things I go through there every now and then I'm like, Oh hey, I want to watch that.
No, I was like, no, no, we're not watching this. All right.
And I mean, I mean like one game I picked up for the PS4 that I said this was going to be a day one purchase when I got, it was the order 1886. I understand people crapped on the game.
I like first person shooters. I like steampunk. This is right up my alley. Sure. I could have either bought it off of Amazon for like 40 or 50 bucks or I can just drop seven bucks on a digital copy, which I did. I'm like, you know what?
Times like this, I will save that. But there are those like those limited edition games, certain Japanese titles that come out and it's like on the store, seven, eight bucks physical copy. It's going to run you some cash.
I'm just like, well, I'm just going to buy and just going to put the case on the shelf. The show that is there.
It will be interesting though, if when the PlayStation five, you know, going back to that rumor, big rumor that came up earlier, let's say PlayStation five comes out and it is completely backwards compatible with all the older PlayStation Sony finally kind of gives into that feedback.
It would be very interesting what the digital purchases might do. And again, this is all pie in the sky fantasizing stuff. But what that might do is that, OK, great.
If you bought it digitally on PlayStation three and PlayStation, there it is in your library right now, ready to go. And that could be a feather in digital's cap where they've been getting knocked.
You know a lot in other places lately. So anyway.
But I am all for that. You know, you know, let's end the conversation because if I keep going, let's just end the show.
You know what, Rama, it's almost like you could have your own show to talk about these types of things.
No, we always talk about that type of stuff. I know it brings it up. But I'm like, well, I guess this kind of covers. I'll add it to the list.
Yeah. You know what? Sometimes tangents are going to happen. How how how long did the pancake and waffle thing go on tonight?
So, you know, it happens that it's all right. Anyway, Rama, always great to hear from you.
Anime Jam Sessions Tuesday hosted here at the Vogue Network. Thank you so much, Rama. It's always good to hear from you, buddy.
No problem. Love you guys. Take care. All right. Anyway.
Let's see. I guess that's about it. We didn't really have any other calls standing by tonight, so we're gonna we're gonna start to wrap up the show.
I know it's a little bit earlier, but I think with the whole football stuff going on, although I see Bobby joined us and Chad, I guess Super Bowl State football's over.
No, I know football's over. But now now, like the post football stuff is over because everybody's got to finish off the seven layer dip before they leave the house and then go through all the layers.
Yeah. Bobby joined chat and says the show was probably more entertaining than the Super Bowl. So there you go.
And in place we were doing so, you know, everybody's disappointed. Did the Super Bowl have pancakes versus waffles debate? I don't think so.
Well, we did anyway. Hope you guys had a good time tonight, no matter what you're doing. I know plenty of people are going to listen to this throughout the week of the podcast feed and so forth.
So I hope you guys had a good weekend and Sunday night, whatever it was you were doing, if you were watching us or or that other thing that was on TV as well.
Anyway, let's see. I'm going to wrap it up, I guess. Check in and see if anybody has any final thoughts. Before I get to final thoughts, of course, I always like to plug.
If you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Launch Radio, please help us spread the word. We are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we can't put those voices out there unless they're here to share.
So help us spread the word. Tell a friend or two about the show. Some of you guys have been really great about that on Twitter recently, by the way, and I just want to say I see you and I really appreciate what you guys are doing.
I think the Twitch and and all that stuff is making it even easier to share. And so I just I really appreciate all that stuff. All the hosts, of course, the biddies and the subs.
But you know, the stuff that helps get the word out goes a really long way as well. So I just want to say thank you, thank you, thank you for all of that.
And of course, a nice five star review on iTunes. That still doesn't hurt. Those are very nice to have. So we appreciate those or wherever it is you found this show.
So that all being said, it's time to collect the final thoughts. My final thought tonight is I have two episodes of Star Trek to catch on still.
So I think I'm going to have a Star Trek bowl at my house after the show tonight, because I hear the season of Discovery is pretty darn good.
So I didn't need to watch the first. It was a good place. I need what? The watch. The good place. Oh, yes, I do.
Oh, my gosh. All this stuff. I've got a binge. So, yeah. So anyway, that's my final thought tonight. How about you, Loki?
My final thought is I'm hopefully going to stream some more this week, whether that be DDR or I love the Skyrim idea.
I wanted this Skyrim thing. I don't have it set up just yet, but I have installed. I have some of the mods.
I want more. I want it to be full of garbage. So we'll see about that.
I have to see the stable and also set up, you know, an actual camera set up for that.
So I don't know if I'll get that ready in time. If not, there's always I could play Kingdom Hearts three using the Twitch app on my PlayStation Pro so I could do streaming of that.
We'll see. We'll do something this week. Yeah, I've been really bad on my personal streaming, like.
But that's because I've been putting a lot of my energy into doing this with OLR, but I need to get back on my personal channel and do some streaming there, too.
So, yeah, look forward to that. And thanks, you guys, again so much for supporting Orange Lounge Radio and we'll do it again next week.
Yep. Sounds good. All right. Have a great week, everybody. We'll see you next time. Thanks for watching.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into VOG Network dot com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network.
But you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thank you.